Timothy Sackton: Well, go back to a classic for our intro music
Timothy Sackton: So out the sunsets on the plains of northern Donmar the land is alive with the sounds of nature.
Timothy Sackton: The clocks in groups of prairie chickens calling for mates. The software beats of night hawks soaring and hunting insects in the dust the laughing call of a pack of hyenas on the prowl and the distance and the single bugle of an antelope alarm called far away.
Timothy Sackton: The red gold light of sunset.
Timothy Sackton: Casts long shadows across the land and no kept peaks.
Timothy Sackton: To the know echoing the cheerful fire at your campsite. The dread silence. A few days ago was gone.
Timothy Sackton: As you contemplate dinner, watching the campfire Volo returns to camp with a brace of birds slung over her shoulder, having been hunting for the past short while.
Timothy Sackton: As it begins plucking the feathers and takes out a small satchel of spices and salt hidden away.
Timothy Sackton: She looks at you all gratefully and says,
Timothy Sackton: Let me cook you some real food. And then I think we need to talk about our next steps or at least my next steps.
Timothy Sackton: Are she turns to preparing dinner, you have a moment to talk quietly amongst yourselves. If you wish to and again to get us into the scene of talk, I'm going to go, rather than ever have to give a
Timothy Sackton: brief description of what their character is doing. So we'll start with seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: hunched over the
Eric Rosenbaum: The strange pieces of Ember that we picked up in ravens holds. What was there any other weird artifacts that I might have had
Eric Rosenbaum: That's all I wrote down
Timothy Sackton: Um you the amber and the
Timothy Sackton: And the block of adamantium are the main things that you got
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah. Yep.
Mike Sackton: How far south.
Timothy Sackton: You're, you're just you're basically just do west from
Mike Sackton: Okay, so we're like on the main road you're on this main road. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is this thing is this giant wind storm visible.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, in the distance, you would often the distance to the west, you would see, um, you know, the hints of clouds. You know, like Big Thunder clouds in the sky and the occasional flash of lightning, but it's about
Timothy Sackton: It's about 70 miles away.
Timothy Sackton: Roughly
Timothy Sackton: 60 to 70 miles away. So it's not you know it's in the distance, but it's a relatively clear day. It's a clear night so you can see
Timothy Sackton: You know, the sun, it's, it's in the direction of the sunset setting in the west and you can certainly see that the light of the sun is is
Timothy Sackton: You know, casting itself on the storm clouds lingering on the horizon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm also have a lump of raw glass and steel tube and they keep the glass up to right orange, pink color in the fire and inflate it into a ball but yea big
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm working at it scoring around its circumference
Eric Rosenbaum: In order is separated into two pieces.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Kenzo. What are you doing,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, Kenzo is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wearing his tunic. Good. I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Staring into the fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basically a kind of crouched down next to the next to the fire to cross legged is his staff sitting across his lap, and he's sort of holding it twisting in his hands and just staring into the fire.
Timothy Sackton: Resin.
Kate Sackton: This one is
Kate Sackton: Looking around
Kate Sackton: Like sort of getting her bearings
Kate Sackton: Stretching out shaking out here, making sure everything is where it ought to be.
Kate Sackton: About whether there's anything that
Kate Sackton: She wants to pack differently. Her
Kate Sackton: Make make a better place.
Kate Sackton: In our gear for her for her shield
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well be.
Rev. David (he/him): Will be sitting cross legged on the ground, leaning back against us pack.
Rev. David (he/him): Trying to convince a prairie chicken and it's for chicks to come over and eat some of a biscuit that he's got patiently and progressively trying to lower lower them all over to come hang out with them.
Timothy Sackton: Our
Mike Sackton: Telephones sort of pacing and easily at the edge of the camp walking out towards the west, where the, where the storm and the lightning occasionally flickers every once in a while he punches his hand and a small ball of energy forms dissipates.
Mike Sackton: Se paces back and forth sort of staring out west.
Timothy Sackton: So as you
Timothy Sackton: Look up from these activities as as Paulo starts to cook. Do you, do you want to discuss anything amongst yourselves before dinner.
Mike Sackton: Can we just recap very quickly what we out of game. What we know in what we learned in Raven soul so we can remember
Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: What
Timothy Sackton: Did you learn in a bag to learn, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not a ton. I have all those questions in my in seekers notebook. I think we have the answers to approximately zero of them.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I suggest you take like 30 seconds. I think this be interesting and just everybody write in the chat. What you think we learned in
That dish. What's
Timothy Sackton: I'm going to decline to participate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Should we, should we start selling them when we, when we
Mike Sackton: I'm ready.
Rev. David (he/him): Almost ready
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ready. Whoever says it first is the true explanation.
Rev. David (he/him): Lots of ancient tourist
Timothy Sackton: They all basically said the same thing. So maybe it's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: It must be true.
Rev. David (he/him): Was a goddess mother.
Mike Sackton: We have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, are you know about her is that
Timothy Sackton: Boilers captors kept mentioning her and saying they were going to take follow back to her, except they had to wait to make sure the ritual was successful, or make sure the ritual happened before they could return to to
Timothy Sackton: A got that with some suggestion that
Timothy Sackton: She or they
Timothy Sackton: was unusually old for a human, but it was a little unclear.
Rev. David (he/him): So a goddess mother was not the demon doing like the scratching animals ritual that we
Timothy Sackton: Killed now.
Eric Rosenbaum: No different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We
Mike Sackton: Have any evidence that the demon we killed is the one that was summoned or my just imagine
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What it was
Rev. David (he/him): We know the water demon that we killed have been summoned but we don't know by who
Rev. David (he/him): Whether it was the other demon or whether it was a god.
Rev. David (he/him): Or someone else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also you don't know like the weird doppelganger
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actors a bola it's not clear to me what their relationship is with all the talk to people like if they're kind of related on the same team.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's the doppelganger concept coming from. I'm not clear on what adopt what
Eric Rosenbaum: What is
Kate Sackton: In the tower. When we rescued bola they
Timothy Sackton: Are to shape shifters who turned from human normal looking humans into like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jackal humans because they were looking for items looking for items. That's
Rev. David (he/him): Where those
Rev. David (he/him): Go ahead. Sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, that's exercise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unclear
Rev. David (he/him): I read those just like were creatures, rather than
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): But
Timothy Sackton: They were more were creatures then top true doppelgangers wouldn't really have a true form to shift into they were shape shifters but I would say yes jackal where it's not doppelgangers precisely
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I wrote in where jackal jackal. Where's
Timothy Sackton: Where jackal jackal. Where's doesn't really matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I've got
Eric Rosenbaum: In my secrets notebook document here I've got all these things framed as questions with very few very little information about the answers to them, there's just the facts that
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim just mentioned about I got to desk with it, but that's it.
Mike Sackton: So I think we know. I'm just looking at secrets notebook. We know that the tainted water was coming from some sort of summon creature re
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah. All right. I'll add that
Rev. David (he/him): He said, put the link in chat.
Timothy Sackton: I'll do that right now. Hold on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just about a summons.
Eric Rosenbaum: Creature. Now, what's the divine thing in the water. The summon creature or not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, when you killed the vine thing. It seemed to be correlated with the clearing of the water.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And we kind of know that the
Mike Sackton: That some set of creatures that ravens holders performing rituals that were turning animals into
Mike Sackton: Violent versions of themselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, it appeared. Well, it's still a hypothesis. But we have some more evidence for it. So it appears, I'm just reading at the bottom of the deck here that
Eric Rosenbaum: Materials at
Eric Rosenbaum: Ravens hold we're turning normal animals into violent ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we've got the noles. We also have evidence that the numbers are being created there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with our own eyes, but it's possible that the ritual that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even I was performing is
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Um, I just on the equipment front, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: One thing I let me just, I would never mind. Keep talking. I can check my notes.
Mike Sackton: So like I think we kind of know that there was something going on at ravens hold that was creating all these bad things right. It's probably the source of all the hyenas that were attacking Caroline.
Rev. David (he/him): Does that match with what we know from tracking them on her way up to
Eric Rosenbaum: That they all came from ravens home.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the
Timothy Sackton: The noles yes the the beasts you fought at the very beginning, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was a totally different direction. Right.
Timothy Sackton: They were coming. They seem to be coming from that fort with the undead hobgoblin
Eric Rosenbaum: The other for it.
Timothy Sackton: Rather for it.
Mike Sackton: And that was a similar sort of magic rate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what other for
Timothy Sackton: The first one first for
Eric Rosenbaum: You went to the one level one course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. Okay. I remember
Eric Rosenbaum: That was me.
Timothy Sackton: That was before you. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. What was it will actually call that one was the name of that one.
Timothy Sackton: It was just an unknown. It was a small. It was a dunmurry for it. It wasn't was never named
Eric Rosenbaum: But it had the birds that can turn into stone.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Cockroaches cockroaches sport.
Mike Sackton: Also had the hobgoblin undead thing.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we did.
Timothy Sackton: Staff of with the staff with a stone that you destroyed the stone, and it was
Timothy Sackton: The holy holy symbol of Shimano the black iron my staff with words and mechanic.
Mike Sackton: Hey, do we still have that. Did we just try it.
Timothy Sackton: Happens. I was carrying it
Mike Sackton: Hey, what is it I want to know what it says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That at one point.
Mike Sackton: Did we ever read it.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, the when the black when
Timothy Sackton: I've got it right here. Hold on.
Mike Sackton: Now, I just thought maybe we hadn't ever read it now that I can read. All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can add to my notebook.
Eric Rosenbaum: My journal here. The an appendix with inscriptions on things that might be meaningful. So we could put them all side by side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's a good idea.
Timothy Sackton: So good. Any one of you.
Timothy Sackton: Well be you found in
Timothy Sackton: In ravens hold when you were investigating the
Timothy Sackton: No leader that had the magical spear that Kenza now has. There was also that that like metal vile with some sort of acidic liquid in it.
Timothy Sackton: Did you keep that
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): Which is why I'm adding it to my equipment right now.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so
Mike Sackton: Okay. Well, that's enough. I mean, we could we could do the rest of this
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, let's do that and character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I still have not we have not blow the horn.
Kate Sackton: And we did
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, we did. And
Timothy Sackton: Nothing happened.
Rev. David (he/him): It was defective.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A question that we all brought something up, you
Timothy Sackton: Know, I asked the question.
Mike Sackton: It was a question.
Mike Sackton: who blew it. I forget.
That we
Kate Sackton: Asked, think of somebody meaningful.
Kate Sackton: And then
Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: As far as we know, nothing happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it might have alerted that person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was summoning something probably
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, or it's just like a message across time and space.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could just be like, help us. It's like
Eric Rosenbaum: telepathic. Who did you think of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, they might have like heard like crazy sound while they were like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gandalf, of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't blow the horn and like, think of too much nephew or something.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So should we go back in character.
Timothy Sackton: I can discuss
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm glad we were really clarifying a lot of things.
Mike Sackton: So is our next move to return to Kerala.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: We did fortify the Temple there, but we should make sure
Mike Sackton: Hold on. One last question. Tim, how much time do we have left till our time for
Timothy Sackton: Good question. Let me get to the timeline section of my notes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: You probably have something like
Timothy Sackton: A week to 10 days before your two and a half weeks, your two and a half week timeline with
Timothy Sackton: A lash is up.
Timothy Sackton: You're probably given how loaded your horses are with all this stuff and the fact that the desk only lasts.
Timothy Sackton: A few hours at a time. You can't. It's not super useful for long overland travel
Timothy Sackton: You're probably five days out from Kerala, something like that.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: But you have, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, maybe four days, four to five days from caraway AND MAYBE seven TO 10 before I'll each is expecting you back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, in
Eric Rosenbaum: Kerala.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you had originally talked to a leash that you had meet back and terawatt in like two to three weeks.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And hopefully get worried about the situation in Tokyo with all of the people who fled there.
Right.
Kate Sackton: I did not meet this Elise but care what seems like a reasonable place to stop over on my way home. As I was stopping there on my way hold
Kate Sackton: That is still the direction which I imagine heading.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just hope it's not been overrun.
Mike Sackton: And there's still this
Mike Sackton: Mean to the west.
Eric Rosenbaum: The storm storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does seem worth investigating
Rev. David (he/him): Well, well, he looks up from petting the prairie chicken in his lap and smells the wafting sensitive perchance to and says,
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should go there. I think that's where to go next, we lose too much time by going back to Cairo and then coming back again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, are there. What's the ley lines situation.
Timothy Sackton: Here there are
Timothy Sackton: So secret pauses for a moment and sort of
Timothy Sackton: Concentrates and reaches out his mind searching for magical lines of energy and there are, you know, so, so the Durban stronghold of ravens hold, which is a few miles to the to the east is a node where three ley lines cross
Timothy Sackton: One of which is
Timothy Sackton: One of which is running west from here sort of roughly in the direction of
Timothy Sackton: Of the storm, one of which is running South roughly towards carwash and the other, which runs kind of
Timothy Sackton: North northeast North North by northeast, a little bit sort of
Timothy Sackton: And that east by several sort of like out into the plains like sort of not in any direction you know
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm making paper maps of all of this, but also you notice
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been making these class hemispheres. I keep like holding them up to my face and looking around.
Eric Rosenbaum: And put them down again.
Eric Rosenbaum: does appear that there's a line of magical energy heading off in the direction of that storm.
Kate Sackton: Here you say have you crafted something
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that, have you
Kate Sackton: Crafted something I'm not familiar with that sort of glass working
Eric Rosenbaum: A
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's a work in progress.
Eric Rosenbaum: You see. Mm hmm. I have the ability to visualize the intersection of the plane of magic with this one in the form of the lines we call the lines that crisscross the landscape.
Eric Rosenbaum: But since not everyone can see them. I thought I might construct a mechanism by which I could share this vision with others.
Eric Rosenbaum: So once I've got the leather strap work together here to make this a set of goggles that might
Eric Rosenbaum: Augment
Eric Rosenbaum: The reality that we're
Eric Rosenbaum: To put them on and you see there's an interesting principle of the binocular disparity between
Eric Rosenbaum: The field of view if he chai that I can exploit with a magical illusion of small lines on the surface of the class that when infused by your mind into a single object projected out
Eric Rosenbaum: On the landscape in the location of the magical lines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's pretty dope.
Eric Rosenbaum: But still needs work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we doing here. I mean,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, do you want to go towards the crazy electrical storm to hell.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, there's no covers
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, it feels like our options are to go there. We're trying to Kerala.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do something
Else for Mr.
Mike Sackton: Think it's worth investigating
Mike Sackton: I think it's a danger that we leave at our backs otherwise.
Kate Sackton: The danger that I'd be bringing the shield of the brawn, and both into and I could bring it more directly back to my people in foreign Herder
Mike Sackton: Wasn't it made to be brought into danger.
Kate Sackton: really more of a heritage thing.
Kate Sackton: I mean, it tells stories.
Kate Sackton: But we do when we're a piece, not when we're at war.
Mike Sackton: Weight is the shield. No, that's not the magic camera.
No.
Kate Sackton: Magic hammers very good for dark places, but the shield is
Mike Sackton: More decorative
Kate Sackton: More ritualistic
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, of course, we can just get ourselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: With inside of the storm to see what we can see. We don't have to, you know, go deep into its heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, but let's let's think about Viola for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like we should talk a little bit more readable and understand
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A little more about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What items. She was looking for. And because there's something about chart. And that's mixed up and all this all messed up. I don't like either
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not sure exactly where bola sits in all of this, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: charton is after something pardon is looking for some some items that may be related to this may be no
Eric Rosenbaum: It is, in particular the society of the open scroll
Eric Rosenbaum: Can see. Yeah, look. Look here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But aka those fuckers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I feel like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not sure if all it seems. All right. Well, it seems. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I'm trying to understand just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, what does that society has to do with this with the items have to do with it. And, you know, full of the parts from us here. Maybe she has a chart. And I don't know, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You shouldn't chat with her a little more. I think it's to see to see if we can we can before we part ways.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we should try to become clear as well on our own motivations.
Kate Sackton: Powerful items are being sought by
Kate Sackton: Probably those who are wishing to raise an army and lay siege to Kerala, they're being sought by charging for their own power hungry things
Kate Sackton: They're done Mari items they should go back to the Mari if they're
Kate Sackton: Handling items they should be back to happenings if they're selfish items they should go back to elves and if they're Dervish, they should go back to dwarves and only if they're CARDONE and they belong to these scroll rules.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like where you're coming from. But I'm not sure the order of the open scroll. The reason that we should learn more. I mean, we saved her life. We've been through quite a bit already. I think you can have a conversation with mobile about all this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then maybe after that, I don't know. It was like are only two options are either dread the lightning storm or or go to Carla.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. I think I'll servicing
Mike Sackton: Know,
Mike Sackton: I just think the
Mike Sackton: The storm.
Mike Sackton: Have this feeling something might be coming from it.
Mike Sackton: I'd rather ride into danger, then have it sneak up on us unawares, what
Eric Rosenbaum: What might be coming from it. Tell us.
Mike Sackton: I saw letters under the under the bridge be where the wind that scours the desert sand is waiting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the storm over desert.
Timothy Sackton: That's more sort of mountains. It's like on the foothills of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the as yet unnamed central mountain range. The desert would be would be further south like this.
Timothy Sackton: Part of
Timothy Sackton: This part have done more is done Mars like step planes. Then with them.
Timothy Sackton: The mountains passing sharply up
Timothy Sackton: And and especially where the storm is as much more sort of
Timothy Sackton: Like like
Timothy Sackton: This behind me. It would be like those hills, kind of in the distance as or maybe even the open plains.
Eric Rosenbaum: I put the glass.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hemispheres up to my face and look will guide for a second. As I turn my gaze after the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, glowing speckles appear on the surface of the glass. Does anybody know how to work leather.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody know I need to make some straps for these things.
Kate Sackton: We have some leather to work. Sure, I could figure it out.
Kate Sackton: work more with metal
Timothy Sackton: mean you're you've raised when you've done lots of general purpose tinkering. You could, for sure. Make some leather straps. That's
Kate Sackton: Something we tell them anything that we can that
Kate Sackton: The height of
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man. Yeah, there were hundreds of carcasses just recently that we saw.
Mike Sackton: Or he the storm is like 70 Miles, he said.
Timothy Sackton: 50 to 70 it's hard to judge exactly the distance, probably more than a day's travel to get to it, though.
Timothy Sackton: Two days likely if you push that
Eric Rosenbaum: Stationary storm is a
Eric Rosenbaum: Bizarre phenomenon. It must be emanating from or
Eric Rosenbaum: Orbiting or
Eric Rosenbaum: being attracted to or somehow stuck to something
Eric Rosenbaum: At its heart.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose it would be interesting to get close enough to find out if we can see whatever that is.
Mike Sackton: But other centers toss about the storm anything
Eric Rosenbaum: We did the center's tell us
Kate Sackton: We had a great and
Kate Sackton: I remember
Timothy Sackton: And they told you the story of the
Timothy Sackton: You know, the creation of the abyss and where demons come from.
Timothy Sackton: In that
Timothy Sackton: All they had to say about the storm was basically that's weird.
Timothy Sackton: And they were several of them were going to go
Timothy Sackton: investigate it, but instead turn South Carolina at your convincing.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: There's this question of the tether to the abyss.
Eric Rosenbaum: And whether that is somehow related to the storm or not, which I don't think anyone has said.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David (he/him): But the tender. To me, this is that a
Rev. David (he/him): Literal or metaphorical one
Eric Rosenbaum: I believe it was mentioned by the Centaurs. Is that true
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but literal or metaphorical they were somewhat unclear on
Rev. David (he/him): Well, I, well, this is a good in game conversation because like will be definitely interpreted like super metaphorically, which may not be true, but
Eric Rosenbaum: What it means for there to be a tether between worlds.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean I'm especially interested in that question and I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Making these goggles to try to see one aspect of what connects the world's the ley lines.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know why they're connected to each other in this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how, in general, worlds might be connected to each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: permanently or temporarily
Timothy Sackton: I sent you a message.
Rev. David (he/him): But we know
Rev. David (he/him): We know I thought from from what you've said.
Rev. David (he/him): And what we heard from the priest and Cara was that
Rev. David (he/him): People can cross between different lines. I mean, there's that there's a way in which people are doorways across those different planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: People are doorways and I remember that well.
Well, that
Rev. David (he/him): That
Rev. David (he/him): That if there's a different world. That's the world of dreams. Right. Isn't this what the, what the person Carol was saying.
Rev. David (he/him): Someone was telling us this
Eric Rosenbaum: Sounds really important
Rev. David (he/him): It couldn't they cross between these different worlds.
Like
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, this is what, this is what I'm after well be.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to cross between worlds. I've had a glimpse of it.
Mike Sackton: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What memory that I have that may be relevant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we killed that demon. I remember seeing this this dark energy that was kind of schooling off of the order of that demon drifting off someplace else, almost as though there was that connection that that demon did have with whatever other plane, we may be dealing with
Eric Rosenbaum: A tether that was broken.
Warehouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so the tether is a little like the rope. You put around yourself to repel down into a canyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: But in crossing between planes. It's something that connects a person or a beam.
Eric Rosenbaum: In traveling between them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but when you have a question is how do you, how do you set these up, how do you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Advise them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we've seen else
Eric Rosenbaum: We've seen the summoning circles.
Eric Rosenbaum: We think those are one way that creatures can get from one place to another.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's different from a tether maybe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we speak with follow a little bit and learning. We can't from her end for men to part ways. Then we part ways. It feels like feels like you all want to go look into this electrical storm. I'm more trying to figure out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How we can find a good dad to get a good night's rest someplace, but
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe in the big storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In their
Lobby
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this your thought
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We talked about, oh,
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Did you see that message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And said what his wallet cooking again.
Timothy Sackton: Roast Chicken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Always for the better things we've eaten in a long time.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yes, very exciting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hands is very excited to eat something a little more nourishing then whatever the hell we be eating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What other whatever rational reason
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you now sit down to
Timothy Sackton: To
Timothy Sackton: Dinner. Yeah, this is one of the better things you've been eating for quite some time. Some, some rose bros bird.
Timothy Sackton: Wall has been carrying around a secret stash of salt in her pouch.
Timothy Sackton: Label you know nicely flavored a few like scavenged
Timothy Sackton: root vegetables roasted in the cause of the fire.
Timothy Sackton: So it's, it's a pretty nice dinner and and as you are.
Timothy Sackton: Sitting and an eating after dinner.
Timothy Sackton: Let's try that.
Timothy Sackton: The bullet turns to you and says, look,
Timothy Sackton: I know that you don't completely trust me, I get it. I don't completely trust you either
Timothy Sackton: But we've been through some times together, I think, and whatever you think of me. I swear this damn, I got a creature, whoever whatever she is as much worse than even the worst you could think of me.
Timothy Sackton: You might think the Society's greedy or wrong or, you know, maybe where maybe we're a bit ambitious in what we're doing.
Timothy Sackton: But think about the alternative
Timothy Sackton: Letting a kata whatever she is whatever they are, get their hands on all of this hidden knowledge fucking ways to fast and a ruinous House of Cards disaster that worst
Timothy Sackton: I think, you know,
Timothy Sackton: We could work together. I think
Timothy Sackton: Charting and
Timothy Sackton: Donmar and even the dwarf or
Timothy Sackton: Don't have to be enemies in this
Timothy Sackton: And I have to say what is the point of hidden magical knowledge scattered and ruined sitting there to rot.
Timothy Sackton: Think about how much knowledge has been lost time and time and time and time again throughout the history of humanity.
Timothy Sackton: Every time we think we're getting somewhere. Disaster calamity. And so much of this new knowledge is lost. It fucking sucks. And we can do better. And I don't know, even if it doesn't matter to all you hottie all the races.
Timothy Sackton: At least consider that the society would do less harm and more good with all of this stuff that might be hidden out there, then a doctor.
Eric Rosenbaum: In, in what way does the society intend to do good with all this knowledge.
Eric Rosenbaum: To share with everyone.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I mean,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not exactly the opposite of what the body does
Timothy Sackton: The society. Well, okay. Everyone is maybe an exaggeration. We are a library we preserve knowledge.
Timothy Sackton: Not all knowledge is safe.
Timothy Sackton: For everybody
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: I won't say I'm the person who's making the you know the best decisions about what to do but
Timothy Sackton: Look,
Timothy Sackton: There's bad stuff out there.
Timothy Sackton: I think you can see that now we can all see that
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: At least the society.
Timothy Sackton: We're fucking humans.
Timothy Sackton: We're not trying to
Timothy Sackton: murder innocent civilians cross Donmar
Timothy Sackton: Or not you know
Timothy Sackton: Transforming animals into rampaging beasts and sending them. God knows why to attack. Who knows who
Timothy Sackton: Could be a lot worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's in charge of this society.
Timothy Sackton: Don't have a name for a
Timothy Sackton: While but it is part of the of the great library.
Timothy Sackton: Just run by the archivists
Timothy Sackton: I am I am not a
Timothy Sackton: high ranking member of this group, I
Timothy Sackton: can't really tell you too much about leadership. All I can say is that
You know,
Timothy Sackton: Work came that
Timothy Sackton: We needed to
Timothy Sackton: Search for artifacts and it's not just in Dunbar, there's groups that have been
Timothy Sackton: Hired in and are investigating artifact that ruins in the north far north of the chart in
Timothy Sackton: I think there's there's even people that might be
Timothy Sackton: Heading into the blasted ruins of the of the mountains where
Timothy Sackton: You know, the great calamities hundreds of years ago up ended the earth it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Already library. How long is the library that on this quest. This or at least
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kind of accelerated this whole
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is the library now they know something about what's going on that. Why there why they're trying to get divided
Timothy Sackton: I had never heard of a gotta Dustin mother before
Timothy Sackton: I have no bloody clue what the society knows about. I got that.
Any
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Data is what's, what do you think it's a relationship with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Each other hunters and then all that crazy shit that we just saw like that he's done everything else.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why this creature wants to
Timothy Sackton: Fine.
Timothy Sackton: Lost knowledge on the planes, but I don't think it can be for a good purpose.
Timothy Sackton: The connection between what we just saw. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: As to say that orc talked like he was in charge of the place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we bet one
Timothy Sackton: Jack Where's there was an orc and to Jocko Where's who were her captors fullest captives.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you know about any recent activity of
Eric Rosenbaum: My players.
Timothy Sackton: I've heard legends of such
Beasts aberrations.
Timothy Sackton: Recent activity.
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Timothy Sackton: I heard a story about
Timothy Sackton: So there's a rumor that during the blood years. One of the wars far to the north.
Timothy Sackton: There was some mind players that had somehow figured out how to
Timothy Sackton: Make a mountain walk
Timothy Sackton: Or no i were to happen to that but
Timothy Sackton: I guess it never got to civilization.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank goodness for that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I
Timothy Sackton: Recently know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The first part. Why, why is, why is the great library suddenly so deploying people like you all around what what what what happened that caused the library.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So alarm.
Timothy Sackton: Something must have happened.
Timothy Sackton: Five, six years ago, if anything happened.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what
Rev. David (he/him): That's when they started sending group so
Timothy Sackton: That's when
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's the library. They've always been interested in knowledge. Ever since I've been
Timothy Sackton: You know, a part of the society and and working for the library.
Rev. David (he/him): What were you before you became part of the society.
Timothy Sackton: That's the kind of personal question.
Timothy Sackton: Why were you before you came here.
Rev. David (he/him): Well be just keeps a long level silent gaze on her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, I agree that relative to whatever fucking demons from Hell are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There, we'd like to share a common enemy and the like to share common interest in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dealing with whatever the fuck that is understanding, whatever the fact that is which, by the way, the library knows something you've shared your knowledge to the other you know us maybe that would be an interesting thing to learn. I don't know if we can learn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is your plan. What were you kind of had that
Timothy Sackton: I'm adding back the chart in as fast as I can. I
Rev. David (he/him): With us to the storm first
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it on the way.
Rev. David (he/him): It's not not on the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not in precisely
Eric Rosenbaum: The way general direction.
Timothy Sackton: Not super out of the way. Look, I, I do not know what, if anything, the society knows about.
Timothy Sackton: This I gotta and
Timothy Sackton: If they don't know
Timothy Sackton: Of it her them.
Timothy Sackton: They need to be warned, as fast as possible. There are other
Timothy Sackton: There are other society members on these planes.
Timothy Sackton: There are other people, some of my friends.
Timothy Sackton: Out here.
Timothy Sackton: treasure hunting.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever you may think of treasure hunting. I hope we can all agree that
Timothy Sackton: A horrible death is not the punishment for
Timothy Sackton: Should not be the punishment for what what the society is doing.
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And so if I can get news back as quickly as I can.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, maybe somebody in charter knows something the Great Library has
Timothy Sackton: Called the great library for a reason that has archive stretching back centuries charted has stood for hundreds and hundreds of years at student through the
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Great War. It's done through the blood years that's done through the play it gets through through everything.
Timothy Sackton: And maybe if there's
Timothy Sackton: Knowledge of a gotta
Timothy Sackton: Anywhere, it would be in charge.
Timothy Sackton: So that is where I'm going.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out for other members of society. Their way that we can let them know that that were that were
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least in this larger context share say sure the same
Timothy Sackton: mentioned my name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All we know they're
Timothy Sackton: Not a hidden order.
Timothy Sackton: Ask
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have an insignia is or what I know.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yes. I'm, I'm quite bad at drawing or making up fixing the app, but they do happen in seeing. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: along for the ride from here.
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: Hopefully without a horse, maybe. Oh maybe I can maybe I'll at least Lend me a horse.
Mike Sackton: I only have one
Timothy Sackton: Know, are you all you each have horses.
Mike Sackton: We all have forces.
Timothy Sackton: You got horses. You got a whole stock of horses.
Mike Sackton: We got we all had horses.
Rev. David (he/him): Sorry about that. Do we fail to persuade her to come to the hurricane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our pocket.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All I won't be does make some sense. I mean, I think if we wanted to understand and report back to the library for learning the library understand in whatever the hell is going on in this lightning storm. I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Part of the part of the puzzle of our where we
Timothy Sackton: Ah 50 to 70 miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The weekends, we did it, we can invest if we could investigate that today.
Rev. David (he/him): So two days bullet, I would expect that when we get there. We're going to try our best to do. They're the sort of thing we did here and
Rev. David (he/him): If we die in the process. It's no skin off your back and more agents from the library can come check it out. But if we don't, then you will have lost that opportunity. Seems like a big thing to lose.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps I would ride in that direction with you but
Timothy Sackton: I feel an urgent need
Timothy Sackton: To get back
Timothy Sackton: To report.
Timothy Sackton: What might be going on here. I may be the first one to have learned inadvertently because I did not expect me to live.
Timothy Sackton: The plans of this
Timothy Sackton: House curse creature
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What else do you do about it got them up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because again, I, we just don't even know what this does is it just a name, use those right here and enemies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really what
Timothy Sackton: I know nothing. I know, I know that.
Timothy Sackton: My captors spoke of her
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Here so I suggested they would bring me to her in the desert somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the desert.
Timothy Sackton: But where exactly or when or
Timothy Sackton: I mean they had, they said they had to stay for the ritual.
Timothy Sackton: And I know that they were quite keen to
Timothy Sackton: Extract whatever information about places I had been and the, the knowledge of the society and
Timothy Sackton: Hidden locations across the especially
Timothy Sackton: Drink Korean and and Dunbar, a ruins across the plains.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying, I gotta like the society is interested in drink Korean and Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: That seems to be the situation. Yes.
Kate Sackton: Please find it.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, I had heard rumors.
Timothy Sackton: That it. There's, there were stories that it had been the layer of a great beast.
Timothy Sackton: A multi headed camera that perhaps had gathered treasure and
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: You have taken all the treasure that was possibly the the layer of this beast, and it seems there's little I can do about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: He
Timothy Sackton: But that was Michael
Timothy Sackton: Did not have designs or knowledge.
Timothy Sackton: Rather off your
Timothy Sackton: Head endorphin artifacts.
Eric Rosenbaum: To congressman for dispute.
Mike Sackton: Starting a sentence.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Hold on a sec. Let me
Timothy Sackton: He's coming back.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you sense
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That the that when they were referring to a God saw that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A god that was somehow in charge of the entire this entire operation like what was ever whatever is going on at those animals. Do you think that that would, that somehow all of that all all of those creatures and activities are somehow in service to the Gotham.
Timothy Sackton: I'd be
Timothy Sackton: Can't say no, for sure.
Timothy Sackton: But they certainly seemed
Timothy Sackton: unconcerned about
Timothy Sackton: The nose around them.
Timothy Sackton: Came in when
Timothy Sackton: They pleased
Timothy Sackton: Not that I could see much out my
Timothy Sackton: tiny window.
Eric Rosenbaum: What makes someone that desperate, they're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever gave birth to the desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The mother of the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does it mean to be the mother of the district.
Mike Sackton: has its place. Always been desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Or is it like a
Mike Sackton: Sahara Desert is growing to the, you know,
Mike Sackton: Location desertification.
Timothy Sackton: Um, yeah. So suppose. Well, it was not so much like desert is growing.
Timothy Sackton: Sahara, as in massive calamity up ended the land. It used to all be sort of
Timothy Sackton: Staff grasslands open plains, much more water. The uplifting of the mountains, the mountains here. Whoops.
Timothy Sackton: These mountains here which were relatively new mountains cut off some of the air circulation and creating a desert in the rain shadow, but also the like destruction of
Timothy Sackton: From the plague and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, cause people so you have you have more more desert down here last desert up here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which was pointing to before.
Mike Sackton: These ones down here.
Timothy Sackton: You see mountains.
Timothy Sackton: So those are quite new mountains that were
Timothy Sackton: Magically uplifted at the end of that great war against your mom.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there could be a connection with the like creation of desert and mother. Wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hola. If you head back to chart in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A helper sorry again. How far are you from,
Timothy Sackton: China is about 1000 miles. So we're talking like 3040 day journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, if you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you going to be passing through Carolina or to grow on your way back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Pastor telegraph planning on heading straight west across the plains to talk, rather than following the road.
Timothy Sackton: That's young guy and then through to chart and
Mike Sackton: Look, you're heading straight west.
Mike Sackton: As well. Stay with us until we reach the
Mike Sackton: Dorm
Timothy Sackton: Make a persuasion role.
Mike Sackton: I'm actually good at that. Were my character sheet. Hold on a second.
Mike Sackton: I guess I don't have proficiency, but I do if I had 18 charisma.
Mike Sackton: I didn't roll. Very well.
Timothy Sackton: I will travel you with you.
Timothy Sackton: Last if you go that way. Yes, but
Timothy Sackton: I will not promise now to delay.
Timothy Sackton: Depending on what we find.
Timothy Sackton: It really need to get I really
Timothy Sackton: Think charland is
Timothy Sackton: Important destination for me right now.
Timothy Sackton: But that is
Timothy Sackton: almost directly on my way perhaps no more than a day out of my out of my journey. So I will
Timothy Sackton: I will ride that extra day with you, but perhaps an exchange, I can
Timothy Sackton: Ask you, if you can spare one of your five horses.
Mike Sackton: I forget our horses ours, where they went from
Timothy Sackton: They were given to you by the Donmar a
Timothy Sackton: You have a yeah if you have your horse from your own journey journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We get it.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's say you can have my horse.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you. Well be
Mike Sackton: Have we considered by the way that I got the desk, but they're probably talk whatever treasure you were seeking
Timothy Sackton: It seems likely
Eric Rosenbaum: Was there something in
Eric Rosenbaum: There was
Timothy Sackton: No, I've, I said I was chasing rumors of
Timothy Sackton: Layer and treasures of that but
Timothy Sackton: As you'll note we found relatively little that could be described as
Timothy Sackton: The artifacts of our lair. Have a great beast. So
Mike Sackton: We told her about the
Mike Sackton: Staff that her colleague was petrified. We told her about that guy.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: We tell her about the staff.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think so.
Kate Sackton: We met somebody in that he was that I didn't know if he talked about it. I'm not
Ready.
Timothy Sackton: But the staff itself is no longer magical
Mike Sackton: Yeah we destroyed it right with evil.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: It would be an interesting
Mike Sackton: Actually
Mike Sackton: I'm curious as such a reaction to find out that we destroy
Mike Sackton: All tower. Oh, ask her if
Mike Sackton: She's heard anything, have you
Mike Sackton: Heard any rumors of a more treasures in the
Mike Sackton: Desert west of go Matt east of go mad.
Mike Sackton: She heard anything about the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Mean, yes, there's
Timothy Sackton: As you know, my friend arcas was
Timothy Sackton: Investigating in that direction. There's a number of there's a line of Denmark forts along the road that we thought could be
Timothy Sackton: Promising
Mike Sackton: Was he chasing anything in particular.
Timothy Sackton: Not that I know of.
Mike Sackton: We did find a
Mike Sackton: Staff there.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting.
Mike Sackton: It's quite dark
Mike Sackton: To
Mike Sackton: Darken and its purpose and
Mike Sackton: 10
Mike Sackton: An artifact of schmutz
Timothy Sackton: That seems dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: What did you do with that.
Mike Sackton: What would you have done with it.
Timothy Sackton: This isn't part of why the library exists.
Timothy Sackton: Not all knowledge is safe. Not all powers.
Timothy Sackton: Can be used without consequence.
Timothy Sackton: I would certainly not want such a thing.
Timothy Sackton: Sold in our market or lying.
Timothy Sackton: To be found by anybody who might wander by in the wilderness. Who knows what they could do with thing.
Timothy Sackton: Needs to be protected locked up.
Mike Sackton: Destroyed
Timothy Sackton: If need be, but that is not my decision to make.
Mike Sackton: We just tried it.
Timothy Sackton: From what I've seen of you somehow that does not surprise me.
Timothy Sackton: That perhaps we have
Timothy Sackton: Aligned but not identical goals.
Mike Sackton: What I've seen if Shimano, it's the only course of wisdom.
You've
Timothy Sackton: Seen of Shimano
Timothy Sackton: Hasn't has not that creature been dead for some hundreds of years.
Mike Sackton: Left the elf, at your service emphasis on the ALF
Timothy Sackton: You out other races.
Timothy Sackton: Don't see many of your kind
Timothy Sackton: I forgot. Sometimes
Timothy Sackton: Wow, your knowledge, seems like it would be
Timothy Sackton: Quite some value, would you consider
Timothy Sackton: That
Mike Sackton: Time, perhaps
Mike Sackton: You think my destiny is here for now though.
Rev. David (he/him): Should we find you at the library, when we get there.
Timothy Sackton: When you get to chart in
Timothy Sackton: China and Tara is a
Timothy Sackton: Well KANSAS. KANSAS knows
Timothy Sackton: Shannon is a city of many faces and and
Timothy Sackton: wide streets narrow alleys.
Timothy Sackton: Soaring towers and crumbling riverside slums.
Timothy Sackton: But the library is unmistakable.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Should you come asking
Timothy Sackton: For folder for Anna of the society of the open school a message will be passed to me and I can meet you
Timothy Sackton: I would certainly be glad to see you in Charleston someday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You pastor to grow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That again. Who is that who is in poker again.
Oh,
Mike Sackton: Now there was somebody else.
Timothy Sackton: Pop dar
Mike Sackton: Dar, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's the one that he's like the the military, dude. Yeah, bringing all the people in the top row.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the people. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God you do when you make a disco crow all of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Us were to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pop star for us. He's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should be aware they should know what you've seen here, but we know so far we're gonna we're gonna pass this messages on to our Carla, but something happens to us. We can make it a toga they should know
Timothy Sackton: I will do some
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh I guess before you go I one other thing that's just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome. My mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't. The library was looking for a specific kinds of items or recently there was there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Either either more certain kinds of items or places that they were more and more students and others.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Skills skills so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was like the library knows something and maybe we can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: understand a little bit more about libraries, what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are their thoughts on all this unfolding.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Here's what I can tell you
Timothy Sackton: I set out
Timothy Sackton: With
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on a sec.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The way use our voices are
Timothy Sackton: There's a website called ambient mics are calm, which has just sampled like hundreds of sounds, and you can you have an eight track mix board that you can pick different sounds and and set them up as I'm
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: So she says I'm
Timothy Sackton: I left chart and with
Timothy Sackton: Four others.
Timothy Sackton: late November.
Timothy Sackton: And we were told to
Timothy Sackton: Head to Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: And tried to find rumors of hidden treasure.
Timothy Sackton: The older the better train Korean or early done, Marty. Ideally,
Timothy Sackton: Recent stuff from after the Great War of not so much interest.
Timothy Sackton: We arrived in IR that which is down here, the capital of have done via where that where that kings primary court is
Timothy Sackton: Three months ago late December four months ago.
Timothy Sackton: Spend some time hunting rumors and gathering what information we could
Timothy Sackton: And then split up when we reached us Conde
Timothy Sackton: With my four companions heading east into the into the desert, which we thought was
Timothy Sackton: particularly dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: And me, adding the token and the planes to read installed, which we hoped was abandoned.
Timothy Sackton: Not anticipating his fucking Knowles or the bloody demon
Timothy Sackton: But who could
Timothy Sackton: There was
Timothy Sackton: Another group that was supposed to leave after us.
Timothy Sackton: On a similar mission.
Timothy Sackton: Of which are our guests was one member
Timothy Sackton: I didn't know
Timothy Sackton: Where the rest of them.
Timothy Sackton: Of that group are but I suspect they were also given a similar
Timothy Sackton: Mission.
Timothy Sackton: Search and all agreements.
Timothy Sackton: Find lost knowledge, the older, the better.
Timothy Sackton: Though Frank Korean or early done Mari preferable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doesn't necessarily
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mean that could be a pretty general
General search
Timothy Sackton: Indeed,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah. Can I do. Can I do that, I'm more like the soul. The soul. The soul sucking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will say yeah
Timothy Sackton: I send you a message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like there's more
Timothy Sackton: Look, it's getting late.
Timothy Sackton: More wide. I don't know what more you want me to say I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look bullet. It's pretty basic. There is some kind of portal to hell opening
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Market here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, what the hell is going on through that you'll
Timothy Sackton: Demon that you find, we thought that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. And it feels like we're all on the same team to try to understand what the hell's going on here feels like the library may have a little bit of an idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: AND I KNOW FOR OUR FRIENDS HERE AND THE THE TOWN THAT WE JUST evacuated and everybody else was running like health and whatever that is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we all need to share some information. If we've got it.
Timothy Sackton: Look, I
Timothy Sackton: There was anything helpful. I could tell you about what's going on here. I would, I promise I
Timothy Sackton: You know I am.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think the library knows about the upheavals that are happening here. I don't think if
Timothy Sackton: If they knew that
Timothy Sackton: There were
Timothy Sackton: These attacks. They knew there were no rules rampaging or anything like that. Don't think they would have sent us out in groups of ones or twos, or threes.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I am not helpless in battle, but I could not have killed that demon by myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This will be news to the library.
Timothy Sackton: That's why I need to get back to chart.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, sounds like you'll be riding with us at least to the to this, you guys to this form yet to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cover their together.
Timothy Sackton: And at least ride to the edge of the storm together. Yes, I cannot. I will not promise to go further.
Timothy Sackton: My athletes West
Timothy Sackton: And not
Timothy Sackton: Into some lightning.
Timothy Sackton: But your path may take you to strange places that things
Timothy Sackton: That seems to be your lot
Timothy Sackton: Shall we were asked and get an early start in the morning.
Mike Sackton: I'll be right back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who hasn't long rested recently may as well do that, although
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you maybe you did already
Yep.
Kate Sackton: Best way for
Kate Sackton: Six people five courses and a bunch of stuff to make past
Kate Sackton: Progress towards storm.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering, are we better leaving a cache of things and just writing fast and coming back.
Kate Sackton: Back.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean, I think it's quicker. Isn't it going to be quicker to go back to the road.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: You could for risk when heading back to foreign coder, actually it might be faster to
Timothy Sackton: Continue heading west across the plains to Tokyo and then turnstiles
Timothy Sackton: That's Conde and then to turn told her.
Timothy Sackton: That would likely be faster for her.
Timothy Sackton: After whether
Kate Sackton: It's candy. Is that a river, and a road or just a river.
Timothy Sackton: It's a river, but I mean you can ride along that or you could catch, catch up a boat or something.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, for you that's likely
Timothy Sackton: Continuing so basically you would go, you would go with the bullet to Topeka. And then from Coca
Timothy Sackton: cola would turn West and you turn South
Kate Sackton: So the travel is just that much easier along the road and the river than it is cutting the corner from Kerala to us Conde through the desert or
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Mike Sackton: Seems unwise to ride along a desert where we think I got a desk mother might be working myself.
Timothy Sackton: That's the way you came, but it's gotten possibly gotten more dangerous. Since then, I think, probably for you the
Timothy Sackton: The most prudent course would be
Timothy Sackton: Last and then continuing to toker with bola
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Turning South
Timothy Sackton: I was not
Kate Sackton: Wanting to return a different way than I came as he said that I didn't meet incident until hearing about the unrest around care. Well, when I came out here. The desert right but
Kate Sackton: It could be worse now.
Mike Sackton: I was just thinking before going back to Caroline.
Mike Sackton: Is it not faster is this road enough of a road that it's faster right along it.
Timothy Sackton: The road not real, and not across them the planes.
Mike Sackton: So okay, so it'd be just, I mean, it's not really any different. There's no advantage.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: For you going to care what i mean you base, you're basically like having a I mean you're basically going two sides of a triangle instead of the iPod news, right. So you're
Timothy Sackton: Ready, you know, you'll be tracked as a further journey but not horribly further
Timothy Sackton: But it went. But it's short enough distance that going back to the road would also probably from the storm. It's about equidistant going straight south or
Timothy Sackton: Heading back to them, you might. I don't know. Not it's hard to judge exactly leaving stuff would make it, you know, get you to the storm faster, but
Timothy Sackton: Make it a little bit more of a pain to return. So it's like sort of six of one, half dozen the other going to the storm is going to add up, you know, a few days to return to Carolina, no matter what.
Kate Sackton: The heavy stuff is that plate armor that you want to rehabilitate that I've been
Kate Sackton: And I'm really
Kate Sackton: Adamant for me to play with that.
Timothy Sackton: And the adamantium or is it as well. I mean, you could abandon your giant barrel of oil, for example, that would help.
Mike Sackton: You have a giant barrel of oil.
Eric Rosenbaum: On disk.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need that you never know.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Where do we get a giant barrel of oil.
Timothy Sackton: That I bigger brought a giant barrel of oil from terroir to burn the cursed plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, assuming that was the main problem. We were going to encounter in ravens holds
Timothy Sackton: Which is now, you know, hey, it's been, you know, one of the horses was just loaded up with secrets crap.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we can we can shuffle stuff around to the disc the disc doesn't have a top speed doesn't
Timothy Sackton: Know, but the desk only lasts for a few hours and then it vanishes.
Mike Sackton: Then we have to stop and resubmit it and reload everything else on right or just go for the day.
Timothy Sackton: No, it has it has
Timothy Sackton: It's not permanent. It's basically like you can get. You can use it for six hours out of every day.
Timothy Sackton: If you're carrying it on the desk, you'd have like you could do that. But then you'd only be traveling six hours a day.
Timothy Sackton: It's more for getting stuff out of Dungeons and back to your horse than it is for long overland journeys.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We had sort of the storm. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So wait, are we gonna leave our stuff are we just gonna go slow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To go slow. Right. I don't think we're coming back here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: At whatever rate, we can go without the stuff and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then if the demons from hell start chasing us from the portal, then we can drop our stuff.
Mike Sackton: Right. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: We can leave an oil slick behind us to slow them down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Center. This why your brilliance shines.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's say it's
Kate Sackton: Lady with the fire blast behind
Rev. David (he/him): Us, we start to gather ourselves together in the morning.
Rev. David (he/him): Well becomes back into camp.
Rev. David (he/him): trailed by an ex beak giving it little pieces of lunch from last night just
Rev. David (he/him): I made a friend.
Rev. David (he/him): I haven't decided what to name him yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Congratulations.
Fantastic.
Rev. David (he/him): No, no, it's gonna take a little while he's, he's a little skittish still
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me know if you ever have trouble communicating
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Rev. David (he/him): on the same wavelength.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay so bola gratefully takes one of the horses and
Timothy Sackton: mounts up
Timothy Sackton: And you all start heading.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So as you
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And wonder you keep rolling in.
Timothy Sackton: You're getting your kit, you're getting your camp packed up
Timothy Sackton: You know, beginning to sort of plot your course towards the storm and
Timothy Sackton: It's so in the in the morning light with the sun behind you. Now you can see it's, it's probably about 50 miles to the outskirts of the storm which is going to take you, you know with with your loaded horses and you know everything. It's probably going to take you
Timothy Sackton: The better part of two days to get there. Um,
Timothy Sackton: The the
Timothy Sackton: The planes across to the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Are relatively clear one, is it except that you can see now again in the morning light.
Timothy Sackton: Some char. Some, like a burned area of the planes. If you recall that
Timothy Sackton: One of the Donmar you Matt heading south on your way north was had been
Timothy Sackton: Out in that part of the country. And was that a woman was playing with her family and her animals from a, from a fire.
Timothy Sackton: Which seemed to have been sparked by lightning from the storm.
Timothy Sackton: But the way seems relatively clear and you and
Timothy Sackton: It's probably a relatively simple two day journey to get there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. And there's, you know, it's a it's a relatively nice clear day
Timothy Sackton: As you set off to the west.
Timothy Sackton: The let me make sure I've got some music going here.
Timothy Sackton: As you start off to the west.
Timothy Sackton: The, you know, there's a few birds in the sky. There's some vultures soaring overhead.
Timothy Sackton: Flying basically in the direction that you're going just kind of coasting on the thermals, there's, you know, the antelope hurts and the distance, although the burned area.
Timothy Sackton: Seems to be avoided by most things
Timothy Sackton: And if there's anything you wanted to do as the day progresses, feel free to let me know. But I will just
Timothy Sackton: Quick cut
Timothy Sackton: If there's nothing else if there's nothing you want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, since we've been in ravens hold it feels like so long lenses. Like it's taking taking a special appreciation at the scenery and grateful to be writing grateful, not to be in a cupboard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not happy about writing towards an electrical form.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's my
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep working on my goggles.
Rev. David (he/him): Will be preached on someone else's course probably sitting behind them facing backwards tossing
Mike Sackton: Little bits of food to this XP.
Rev. David (he/him): That's trailing behind
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah, you can do that on my horse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well you know I as we both competed together and the XP battle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas have a certain interest in XP, it's not quite as well. I think that curious supportive
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and I asked for help to actually like
Eric Rosenbaum: Assemble the goggles.
Kate Sackton: Maybe you're going, we could shoot a
Year or something.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you are especially because you're not pushing yourself super hard. I'm assuming you're i mean you didn't leave with you laughed with like two weeks of food or something but
Timothy Sackton: Given that you're going out of your way a little bit, and maybe
Timothy Sackton: Sharing some relations with full I'm assuming you're like forging a bit and stuff like that. As you travel as well. Meanwhile, be as well be.
Timothy Sackton: A good hunter and seekers inadequate hunter so
Timothy Sackton: And you can always bring down some birds with Aldrich blasts if you need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get that nice chair on them.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's just forced damage. It's blunt trauma. It doesn't doesn't
Oh,
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Gonna try and vicious mockery went to death.
Timothy Sackton: So I'm
Timothy Sackton: around midday. The, the heat of the sun. You see the raven soaring overhead again and then as evening progresses, you've now reached the sort of burned area.
Timothy Sackton: As you start to set your camp. And so there's less less good for Jang
Timothy Sackton: Plenty of dead animals around, many of which seemed to have been heavily scavenged
Timothy Sackton: And as you are now kind of
Timothy Sackton: That a days travel closer to the dorm see from this distance looks like you see occasional flashes of lightning. It looks like almost a solid wall of of wind and fog and obscuring mists
Timothy Sackton: And as you are, you know,
Timothy Sackton: As you're traveling through this burn.
Timothy Sackton: One of these giant vultures like big like California condor style vultures just kind of swoops down and lands next to Welby briefly.
Rev. David (he/him): And just looks at him to give it a little nada.
Timothy Sackton: And while be then throws it some food and the vulture kind of scarf down the food and then takes off with these big wing beats.
Timothy Sackton: Blowing up the sort of blackened earth a little bit
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: So it's not. I mean, there's
Timothy Sackton: It's not a dislike burned area on the outskirts of the fires burn through, like, you know, several days ago. It's not still hot or anything. There's no like smoldering areas. There's just a bit.
Timothy Sackton: Of a sort of unpleasant landscape to camp and
Timothy Sackton: And the sounds of the of the storm are now obvious in the distance, the occasional crack of thunder.
Timothy Sackton: The flash of lightning.
Timothy Sackton: The distance sort of how all of the wind.
Timothy Sackton: Um, and as you make camp.
Timothy Sackton: That night, you know, Viola seems increasingly skeptical of this whole endeavor.
Timothy Sackton: But is willing to persist for one more day
Timothy Sackton: The next day, as you
Rev. David (he/him): Look, the way
Timothy Sackton: I can
Rev. David (he/him): Report back just
So I
Rev. David (he/him): I asked. So the vultures take a look and do a favor. It says there's no way. There's no obvious way into the storm it flew over
Rev. David (he/him): You can get over the top of it that there's no
Rev. David (he/him): There's no side of the storm where there's like a path in or something. But it says in the very center of it all, it's clear and it says there's a white rock on a Black Rock, which means maybe a castle on a hill clear in the center of it, maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: White rock on a Black Rock huh
Rev. David (he/him): But what it suggests is even if the storm is bad. If we push through. There's something waiting in the center of it there. There's a thing there to see to find
Mike Sackton: Interesting.
Kate Sackton: Perhaps hard to get intelligence from any sort of cover.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You get a sense of how far into the store will be whatever this thing is and how big is the storm. We know how big this room is
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: I mean obviously small enough that are raving could
Timothy Sackton: Fly or a vulture could fly over it and fly back in one day. So it's not like 50 miles across. I mean, it's pushing it for a vulture to fly 50 miles in a day 25 miles. They're back from where you were so it can't be huge.
Timothy Sackton: But exact size is not clear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While the year you're gonna suggest we push through the storm figure out whatever the US. This rock is
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, right.
Mike Sackton: Think we should at least see what it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: The next morning.
Timothy Sackton: You begin
Timothy Sackton: Your day
Timothy Sackton: unseasonably cool and a little bit of morning fog King hanging on the on the blackened earth so everywhere you look sort of
Timothy Sackton: Rocks and and you know the occasional birch tree stumps sort of looms out of the mist.
Timothy Sackton: But as you proceed.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The direction and distance to the storm is oh, actually. Wait, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: I forgot something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever it is probably helpful to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, where are you guys looking at a more detail. Are you guys looking at just the big map.
Mike Sackton: Where I'm like yeah yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's looking
Mike Sackton: At the big map.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I sent you a message.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Actually was supposed to send this to you last night, but I'm
Timothy Sackton: So you wake up in the morning to this to this site and begin to gather a breakfast together from what Viola and the rest of you had for the night. The day before, and the sounds of the storm are now.
Timothy Sackton: Obvious
Timothy Sackton: You know the Thunder is the wind, in particular, or even 25 miles away. You can hear the occasional
Timothy Sackton: Costs just sort of not sweeping towards the the land here is still in calm but just the noise of it carries that far, with its intensity not constant, but occasionally. And then there's the funder, and the flashes of lightning seem to be happening.
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Not quite constantly but
Timothy Sackton: During the course of your breakfast. There's 5678 flashes.
Timothy Sackton: You can almost from the disk, even from this distance, you can almost sort of feel the intensity of the storm sort of pulsating out across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: And again villas kind of
Timothy Sackton: Not really sure.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: Yeah, this seems like a bad idea is that, is that a
Timothy Sackton: vase. Not sure what she wants to do. So I was laughing at something else. Um, but she says, Look, I'll, I'll ride one more day. You know, I think we can get there by late afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: See what you think. But
Timothy Sackton: I think you know I'm turning south for for toker at this point i don't i don't know
Timothy Sackton: That I want to
Timothy Sackton: That doesn't look safe to me.
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't look like something that
Timothy Sackton: One can simply push through in little time, but by the line now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For most of my life when they were crazy storms or things like this. I wouldn't part of the group that was running away from them. I don't know if I suddenly ended up in the group that rides towards them, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Rev. David (he/him): What to see what's in the middle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Definitely spending too much time with you while we're
Eric Rosenbaum: In. So it's not about what's what's inside the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's what connects our whole world, you know, there might be clues in there. Don't you wanted to learn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, yes. Yes, certainly. Understanding the fabric of our reality and its relationship to other realities isn't interest of mine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Getting a good night's rest a proper meal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anyways,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm with you, Kelly. I'm just a little tired.
Timothy Sackton: I'm I'm
Timothy Sackton: Bloody camp is not my idea of a nice bad
Timothy Sackton: But let's proceed.
Alright.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: It takes you maybe until the late afternoon to get to the point where you're maybe
You know,
Timothy Sackton: A few miles sort of on the outskirts of the storm and as you're beginning to approach the outskirts of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Sound and noise become near constant
Timothy Sackton: As the dominant feature of the landscape is now these looming dark clouds.
Timothy Sackton: funder flashes of light.
Timothy Sackton: Not so much rain on the outskirts of the storm here but you can see that the scars were lightning has struck the land, the air is hot and close
Timothy Sackton: Looking in towards the center of the score storm, you know, beyond where these dark clouds Liam low on the horizon. Everything is hidden in mists and rain. So what's at the center. You know what's beyond that you cannot see. But on the outskirts here it's it's it's funder, it's
Timothy Sackton: hot, dense air. It's lightning strikes miss these ominous black clouds.
Timothy Sackton: Really this is what you're doing.
Timothy Sackton: That's bull and not me.
Timothy Sackton: I'm excited. This is my
Rev. David (he/him): Any
Rev. David (he/him): Dwarf tunnels.
Kate Sackton: Not land that I know from my
Kate Sackton: Forefathers
Eric Rosenbaum: Where, where are we, relative to ley lines.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so
Timothy Sackton: There. So the one that you saw. Now you've I mean you've drifted off of its course, a little but you've now connected back up to it and it's heading there is at least one heading right into the center of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: You can't, you can't see.
Timothy Sackton: You can only see ley lines where you can see the ground so you can't see, you know, beyond the sort of rain wall.
Timothy Sackton: The wind and and fog and mist. It's hard to see. It's hard to tell.
Timothy Sackton: What else there is but there's at least one ley line that's heading directly into the storm.
Mike Sackton: Ah, do I say anything with face site.
Timothy Sackton: From here now.
Eric Rosenbaum: City.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will be
Eric Rosenbaum: I think now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a new way of seeing I put the glass goggles on. You want to try
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, pop them off. So you see superimposed on the world's
Eric Rosenbaum: Radiant glowing lines.
Eric Rosenbaum: flowing towards the storm, but then
Rev. David (he/him): They don't work. I see these lines.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those are the lines of magical power that crisscross our world.
Rev. David (he/him): The line that ran from ravens whole like
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It may be that if another line crosses just at that eye of the storm that it's a node a source of power seems likely given what we're looking at here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Normally large storm like this withdraws energy. I believe from the heat energy of the ocean. I'm not mistaken. And so whatever might hold a storm like this in place and definitely is providing a huge amount of energy.
Rev. David (he/him): How bad is the storm. Is it just like oh it's rainy and lightning or is it like we will die if we attempt to go into it.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, are you gonna die. Probably not, but it's not. I mean, this is not like a
Timothy Sackton: You know, a natural storm right. This isn't a
Timothy Sackton: It's not like just a thunderstorm you it's not like a summer thunderstorm in sandbar right. It's not a
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: That sort of thing. It's, it's definitely
Timothy Sackton: darker and more intense than your kind of standard
Timothy Sackton: Even like summer storm off the off the coast it from your, this would be like, you know, the bad you know the bad storms that would blow it in in the late fall and winter off the
Timothy Sackton: You know, off the coast or, I guess, late summer and fall off the off the green sea, and you know that you know everybody would Batten down the hatches and, you know, get to harbor and stuff. It's, it's that sort of like big storm.
Mike Sackton: The desk.
Timothy Sackton: three in the afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: The floating desk.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So, it expands to be about five feet across.
Timothy Sackton: So five foot diameter
Mike Sackton: It's not quite big enough for all of us. I say, can we walk under it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Haha
Eric Rosenbaum: It only floods three feet up. So you'd have to sort of crawl.
Mike Sackton: Oh well.
Mike Sackton: I guess we're going in.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's been like a distinct edge or is that just getting worse.
Timothy Sackton: It just getting worse. You're at a point now where it seems like
Mike Sackton: Like is it
Mike Sackton: pouring rain or is that you
Timothy Sackton: Know, the air is it's not pouring rain here at all. It's just dark skies thunder dry thunder dry lightning, the air is like hot and and close, but not what does no rain, but you can see but you're looking ahead into a
Timothy Sackton: You know, you can see you're looking into what's basically looks like a wall of rain in the distance, ahead of you.
Mike Sackton: And in the like 10 minutes we were concert. I was concentrating to like get face light going is the whitening like striking the ground. I mean, is it like
Mike Sackton: Okay, so like when word the. This is a flat plane.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Same thing.
Mike Sackton: When we walk forward in our the tallest things there are we going to be immediately.
Mike Sackton: Killed by lightning.
Rev. David (he/him): It may not be how lightning works.
Mike Sackton: Is that
Timothy Sackton: I would think, probably not immediately killed now.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I'm just getting
Timothy Sackton: Lightning strikes.
Mike Sackton: Okay, can we build a lightning rod using the disk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Rev. David (he/him): Is anyone have made him. We could hold the
Mike Sackton: That's a great idea. Yes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. Well done.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you can hold the middle staff like pretty high up against.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: It's a little bit slow because it only lasts a minute then have to recast it
Timothy Sackton: recasting it only takes six seconds so
Eric Rosenbaum: We can also swap because I think I have that as well.
Mike Sackton: That's perfect. So, we can have two and just hand off. It's like a relay
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The message hands.
Timothy Sackton: May 10 juggling of your lightning rod.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely wearing the goggles while doing this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wait, let me put those back on.
Timothy Sackton: Here we go. Voila.
Timothy Sackton: Says, like okay I
Timothy Sackton: I, I will, I will camp here for the night.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think there's any way you're going to take your horses into that.
Timothy Sackton: Do you
Kate Sackton: Is there any way they'll be happy here sitting in the lightning.
Timothy Sackton: Well, yeah, you're, you're watching the light and you're sort of on the outskirts here. You haven't sort of entered the storm yet there's dark clouds looming over your head, but the lighting is not striking here. It seems like there's a transition area.
Mike Sackton: It hasn't moved at all, right, like in the day we spent going towards it. It did.
Timothy Sackton: has not moved at all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The weird storm there anything me and send it in that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like they see the rabbit.
Timothy Sackton: Is tasty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: History is kind of scout yet senior
Eric Rosenbaum: tasters autonomous being
Eric Rosenbaum: Who makes
Eric Rosenbaum: His or her. I don't know the gender taster makes his own choices.
Eric Rosenbaum: In life, so we'd have to sort of negotiate about that I
Eric Rosenbaum: Guess with exception because tainted water but
Eric Rosenbaum: Now retired from that Joe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we really have no other way of knowing what's going on in there, other than going inside it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we gotta go right through.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is the consensus, we're just gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ride straight into the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lightning Storm from hell and just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hope that nothing bad happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, we have a strategy for the lightning. Now, that should help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do the hood on that rope there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a
Row.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you should be fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll just, you know,
Eric Rosenbaum: I have everything nice and tight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now should we create an enclosure for the horses and going on foot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should create a barn probably
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
And
Mike Sackton: No doors again. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: This time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want to seal it. Oh, I guess we don't need to stealing because the rain storm isn't actually coming over here.
Mike Sackton: Is there is there, like, you know, can we make like a it takes you a while to build right
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Yeah, it takes like probably
Timothy Sackton: An hour roughly
Eric Rosenbaum: what time it is. It
Timothy Sackton: It's like two, three in the afternoon.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's so what distance to estimate it is to the I
Mike Sackton: Get the raven gives the How long was the raven gone the scout
Rev. David (he/him): We should have some sense of like the side, you know, rough estimate of
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, so I mean
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's like a few months at least
Timothy Sackton: You know more than two less than 10 in diameter.
Mike Sackton: So hot. Wow. So, Darren back
Timothy Sackton: So you're talking probably like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: You know, another like mile
Mike Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: You know, another like mile or two to the X to get like actually under the storm because you've stopped a little bit short of the
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: Final sort of point of no return and then
Timothy Sackton: One to five miles to get into the center, maybe
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's it's pretty big, like it's not like an isolated rainstorm, but it's not, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Might be a little bigger than that, it's, it's a little bit hard to judge the size from where you are, but just by the arc in which it extends across the horizon, it's not
Timothy Sackton: It's not as far as you can see, to either side. Right. So what
Mike Sackton: Why don't we see bola, said Joe, is not going into this, I gather
Know,
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just
Timothy Sackton: Leave your camera for the night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, there we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's just read straight in.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean head straight it
Mike Sackton: Will just go quickly.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe, maybe we can send a scout
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe taster going
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you talking about here in the XP friend.
Rev. David (he/him): No, no, I don't want to risk will be junior
But taster.
Eric Rosenbaum: I imagine will be juniors the overland speed is
Mike Sackton: Up by also
Mike Sackton: The advantage of sending a rabbit to go what 200 feet ahead of us is, is what
Rev. David (he/him): The center of the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next week could all go ahead, all the rabbit is too slow the XP could go what 2030 miles an hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and actually you could communicate with it. You could ask it what it saw if it went in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: A MAC right that's what we're saying. Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well be Junior, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's their time.
Rev. David (he/him): No, no, it's too risky for wha, he's too tall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now can. Is there any kind of way. We could provide some sort of lightning protection for
Eric Rosenbaum: Via
Rev. David (he/him): Chat with taster for a minute because I feel like
Rev. David (he/him): I feel like we're on the same level. Me and taster.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I bring out taster. The bunny rabbit.
Rev. David (he/him): I pick up taster. And I look like deeply into its eyes for a minute and I kind of turned into this term plan.
Rev. David (he/him): tasters on the same page as me teacher thinks it's gonna be a grand adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Mike Sackton: You know,
Mike Sackton: What we're discussing this, maybe we should head into the storm. So we don't. So we get somewhere before you know tomorrow morning when bola was to keep going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can walk and talk. I'm interested in this debate.
Rev. David (he/him): Let me send history head. I'll be able to see what he sees
Rev. David (he/him): Will send him all the way through can get to the center of the storm and
Rev. David (he/him): A half hour.
Mike Sackton: Yeah five miles.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, he goes buddy miles an hour.
Mike Sackton: Rabbit. He go five miles and 30 minutes
Timothy Sackton: Now I can't go that
Mike Sackton: Fast that's doesn't sound.
Rev. David (he/him): running speed is 35 feet per round.
Timothy Sackton: But that's like flat out sprinting, there's no air rabbit can flat out sprint for an hour.
Mike Sackton: Taste it again. Okay. Just convince a horse to go
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting idea.
Kate Sackton: I'm planning to ride my horse. I could give taste your ride, most of the way the air.
Kate Sackton: You can plant instructions.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's head in that will send them ahead as far as he can at least we'll get some amount of of advanced notice
Eric Rosenbaum: He gets hit by lightning will eat him.
Right.
Kate Sackton: After could retrieve them.
Kate Sackton: Hungry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It. How can you see through the eyes of taster.
Rev. David (he/him): Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: It's new its new startup.
Rev. David (he/him): A little hard to explain. It's
Eric Rosenbaum: His bunker friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you always been able to do this.
Rev. David (he/him): No, but I mean I can talk to you with that speaking, it's, it's kind of like how
Rev. David (he/him): How you know all life is just different waves on the ocean and sometimes you know two waves run into each other.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, look around, expecting this to be very obvious metaphor.
Rev. David (he/him): And I'm stumped when it receives know
Kate Sackton: Blank stares.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, that's not a blank stare. I mean, I, I'm with you on again the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cosmic nature of our existence but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's send while the junior in
Rev. David (he/him): Junior has much better sense I I can't do it will be junior to go in
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
Kate Sackton: I taster because I'm tired of this conversation.
Kate Sackton: And I'm on my horse and i right towards the store.
Timothy Sackton: You're writing it on your horse.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK. Make an animal handling check
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you all you all had in
Mike Sackton: Yep, I think we're gonna juggle a crowbar up there with our main chance. Right.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Timothy Sackton: As you began to walk.
Timothy Sackton: Into the storm seeker on a horse. The rest of you walking
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: You know the
Timothy Sackton: Sounds the you know the
Timothy Sackton: NOISE NOISES just become more intense as you progress under to you, to the point at which you're actually underneath the dark clouds.
Timothy Sackton: Still haven't had any rain, but now you can hear the wind howling from ahead of you.
Timothy Sackton: The lightning flashes in the sky, mostly from cloud to cloud only occasionally striking the ground are near cost and to this point. And as the
Timothy Sackton: dark clouds close overhead. The lightning is just about some of the only sort of real visibility, there is that otherwise feels like night as the just pure blackness of the clouds cover everything
Timothy Sackton: You can smell the sort of burnt.
Timothy Sackton: smoky ashy smell everywhere as it seems. This whole area under the clouds has has burned and the only reason you're not walking through fire as there's very little left that's flammable with all these lightning strikes.
Timothy Sackton: You're walking over charcoal you're walking over you know burnt grass.
Timothy Sackton: With each crash of thunder.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: Read when your horse like increasingly
Timothy Sackton: Size away scattering, but at least for now, you managed to keep it under control.
Timothy Sackton: taster is running.
Timothy Sackton: ahead of you, like, three 400 feet or so.
Timothy Sackton: And after
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, maybe half a mile a mile travel where, you know, in the next 1520 minutes 30 minutes, something like that.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: Are now sort of fully within the area of the storm and mists and
Timothy Sackton: Not a heavy rain, but a new obscuring rain sort of a light Miss kind of falling down around everything, making it hard to tell which direction you are coming from which direction you're going to begins to
Timothy Sackton: Begins to close around you.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'll use the ley line to guide our sense of direction.
Rev. David (he/him): Very good.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so as you
Timothy Sackton: It's not i mean it's it's obscuring but it's not densely obscuring it's just like makes it a little bit hard to see out. It's almost as if you're like looking through
Timothy Sackton: Like a thin midst of a waterfall or something like that. Back to the outside land and it almost. It feels like you've stepped now into a
Timothy Sackton: Into a sort of different terrain.
Timothy Sackton: As you continue
Timothy Sackton: Walking and and proceeding forward into this
Timothy Sackton: Sort of gradually air darkening area of torrential rain and wind.
Timothy Sackton: It's almost as if you're now like the wind is buffeting you
Timothy Sackton: The ground is surprisingly dry as if most of the rain isn't reaching the ground, it's, it's almost blowing sideways and a vortex around and around and around and and hardly any of the water is is reaching the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's see, um,
Timothy Sackton: And then as you so
Timothy Sackton: Okay so seeker um
Kate Sackton: Do I notice like a vortex to the water is I'm trying to deflect it like if you're coming from one direction like spinning
Timothy Sackton: Don't yeah I mean the wind is mostly blowing in one direction, like in a circle.
Timothy Sackton: So the rain is following the wind.
Kate Sackton: There is some water so into the ground because as I ride. I'm trying to keep my horse happy.
Kate Sackton: A little bit by
Kate Sackton: Keeping us dry.
Timothy Sackton: Alright guys send you a message, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: I popped the goggles up off my
Eric Rosenbaum: Eyes onto my forehead and
Eric Rosenbaum: squinting looking around at the ground is it in fact moving and shifting or is that my ley lines site, which I see it only
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, it isn't fact moving in shift. I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: There seem to be giant
Eric Rosenbaum: runes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Around us
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I
Mike Sackton: So Tim, can I see your face. I
Timothy Sackton: Yes, as you all
Timothy Sackton: This is stopping look at seems like you can, yes, you can see the the
Timothy Sackton: The ground is sort of shifting a little bit, and despite the wind, the
Timothy Sackton: Like the the ash and and dust is sort of gathering into shapes, as you all watch
Eric Rosenbaum: How big across is one of these rules.
Timothy Sackton: Like three feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so there are unusually large but not like
Mike Sackton: They're not like Ariel pictograms
Eric Rosenbaum: Now what did they say
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, can I read them.
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yes, make em men are kind of check
Listen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Arrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Terribly. But I wrote well
Mike Sackton: But also if they're writing I can read them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: You can read them.
Timothy Sackton: But that's not what the
Mike Sackton: What the intelligence quiz for okay
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah, so how are you all standing at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Holy safely whatever is the most stable position.
Eric Rosenbaum: Suspecting Lee, as opposed to unsuspecting lay
Timothy Sackton: Down with and seeker are trying to look at these ruins. What's everybody else doing
Rev. David (he/him): either take the French or the rear ending what Kenza wants
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To cancel take severe
Rev. David (he/him): I'll take the front, then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it also like the like the the ruins are they like literally
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There around us.
Kate Sackton: Or just in front of this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just in front of us.
Kate Sackton: Like, when did we notice them we've written past, some of them are fast. Some of them are they all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're all around us, right, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah, there are sort of their sort of spelled out like you're in sort of in front of you, kind of
Timothy Sackton: A
Kate Sackton: Backup for you to see who's better
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's that
Kate Sackton: Backup better
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no, I'm leaning over to inspect
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: Dealt with sort of flash into his hand.
Mike Sackton: And Hill. Where's everybody standing
Mike Sackton: Where are the runes compared to us.
Timothy Sackton: The rooms are in front of you, you and seeker are standing and watching them kind of form stretch an arc in front of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I lean forward to look putting the goggles.
Mike Sackton: I'll also say don't read them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what's that one.
Mike Sackton: commanding us to attack each other.
Mike Sackton: Strike now attack the dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are waiting
Eric Rosenbaum: For a question.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's very hard to resist readings rooms. I mean, where are they coming from who's making rooms, surely, they're
Eric Rosenbaum: somehow related to the formation of the storm or it's
Eric Rosenbaum: Either
Mike Sackton: Directing
Mike Sackton: Him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you looking at, again look like ruins or runes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like random cert.
Kate Sackton: And the shape of rooms.
Eric Rosenbaum: Big weird letters on the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In it.
Really
Timothy Sackton: Was not always good to read strange writing on the ground in a magical storm.
Mike Sackton: Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the matter,
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh god, what happened.
Mike Sackton: stabs you
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: I am
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: Fall on the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just like, I don't know where that was just
Mike Sackton: A moment ago he said don't read the roots their commanding you to attack the war.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Mike Sackton: And then he attacked the dwarf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and then. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm sorry it took
Rev. David (he/him): So hypocritical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looks like I mean
Timothy Sackton: I guess I'm damage. You're not he didn't use to explain
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we, I mean,
Kate Sackton: And I cast whole person on dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you go.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, make our Wisdom saving throw
Mike Sackton: Do I have to
Timothy Sackton: Why do I have to make a sale or you can choose to fail it. That's, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dealt with what happened.
Mike Sackton: I could talk. Well, health, right.
Yep.
Mike Sackton: The brood say strike the dwarf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yourself again.
Eric Rosenbaum: clutching Lee said
Mike Sackton: To him.
Mike Sackton: What do I have any idea what
Timothy Sackton: Is you so let's see. Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just take another intelligence, even though
Timothy Sackton: You are no you desperately want to attack seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Being strained by
Mike Sackton: Can I what it, what is the nature of the compulsion.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the ruins are your
Timothy Sackton: The ruins are your master and your
Timothy Sackton: But I mean their command is your command.
Mike Sackton: But can I try and lawyer, my way out of it.
Mike Sackton: Like for example, if I dismissed my sword, but I feel compelled to resubmit it
Timothy Sackton: No, you can't lawyer your way out of it. I mean,
Mike Sackton: I don't have any weapons except the magic sword but you know you can thumb in a
Timothy Sackton: Sword right
Eric Rosenbaum: You feel
Timothy Sackton: Magically compelled to attack somebody you're not like, oh, I forgot that I can just summon a sword.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm enjoying my Dell with and starting to use moulder to just flatten out the runes just erase them all around me as fast as I can.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm going to come over and as you're doing that start like stuffing read healing mud into the sword hole in your body.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, thank you.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah I every
Rev. David (he/him): Time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I go over near Dallas to just kind of have my staff out, ready to adult starts. I mean, delta looks kind of crazy right now. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Um, are the rooms actually reappearing
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: You see the message I sent you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, they're reshaping themselves the ruins are waiting
Eric Rosenbaum: For a question I keep trying to scratch them out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Help me out. Can we, can we just wipe them cleans. Anybody have a broom or something. We'll wait for question, but I'm not gonna ask it, don't ask, don't ask the room to question, buddy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, probably shouldn't probably shouldn't do.
Rev. David (he/him): What are what are these, I mean,
Rev. David (he/him): What did they say
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah, and I like to
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to try and read them.
Kate Sackton: Please.
Mike Sackton: Read the room.
Kate Sackton: right past them.
Timothy Sackton: Past them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's
Kate Sackton: Ride walk shuffle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks for us when totally reasonable idea. Let's just keep going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're gonna go deeper into the storm where this is the first thing that we encountered
Timothy Sackton: Is the ruins that down. Make another intelligent savings. I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure. Everything will be fine.
Rev. David (he/him): Like they're probably relying just on people who don't like rain.
Mike Sackton: No for
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh dear.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you're still house so you can't move, but the
Timothy Sackton: This
Rev. David (he/him): Blindfold him or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm well clear have dealt with at this point I'm all the way
Mike Sackton: I felt compelled to attack anybody else.
Timothy Sackton: Know that compulsion now fades and you are
Timothy Sackton: Your mind just feels blank.
Timothy Sackton: Like you can't move or while you couldn't move anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Like you're just not sure what to do now, but the compulsion is starting to fade.
Kate Sackton: Can I make him move when I like we want to be moving while I'm doing old person that possible.
Timothy Sackton: He kept his paralyzed can't move you, somebody could carry him. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, what are you yourself again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not this pass
Mike Sackton: Them. I don't know how to interpret what you said.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: This compulsion to attack seems to have passed for the moment, but you'll you don't feel yourself. You feel
Timothy Sackton: Almost like stunned by the impact of what just happened to you or something about the runes is still making it fuzzy and hard to think
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: I don't feel well.
Mike Sackton: Let's get away from these ruins.
Kate Sackton: My horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to clear a path through the ash of the ruins, just for us to walk through
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The walk forward or backwards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If dealt with this business by
Kate Sackton: Dan all this, we should keep going.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we're
Rev. David (he/him): Gonna go over to tell with and just slap across the face as hard as my eight strength can do it.
Rev. David (he/him): Better, worse.
Mike Sackton: Making
Rev. David (he/him): Me hear him.
Kate Sackton: Know,
Him.
Mike Sackton: Nope.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm out of ideas. Let's go.
Timothy Sackton: You do actually for a moment with that slap you.
Timothy Sackton: Feel sort of
Timothy Sackton: As if your, your mind is
Timothy Sackton: Your own
Rev. David (he/him): I mean, I can do it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ruins are shouting at me. I
Rev. David (he/him): All right, let's go, let's go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now I'm going to use moulder to quickly erase as many reasons I can and replace them with my own giant
Eric Rosenbaum: Minor illusion runes that would, if the ruins work create lush green grass in the place of the ashes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm overriding
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and then and you are heading away from them.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're just heading forward through them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as you
Timothy Sackton: Let's say as you travel now start to move away from them.
Timothy Sackton: They, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Not in the graph, you know where the illusion is they they don't seem to appear. But they sort of drift behind you, as like piles of ash begin to
Timothy Sackton: Mold up and
Timothy Sackton: spell out what I just messaged you enlarge Lazarus letters as you drift away. And as you get far from them and as some a little bit of time has passed down with you feel
Timothy Sackton: The slap does seem to have helped and you feel the compulsion that was over, you fade.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was strange the runes really wanted me to ask them a question, but because they also want to deal with to kill me. I decided not to ask them anything at all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So can we all agree not to look read runes. I mean, it feels like there's only insanity going forward.
Mike Sackton: Are you sick. Are you still hurt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh, well we helped me out. I'm feeling okay I'm I'm I'm mostly good
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: Well, if you need another potion, a feeling
Mike Sackton: I have several
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I appreciate it. I'm not in danger.
Timothy Sackton: So I'm
Timothy Sackton: The as you continue now I'm
Timothy Sackton: Under even darker skies visibility fog and mist is kind of now rolling in, and
Timothy Sackton: You can see, maybe it best 20 or 30 feet in front of you and the wind now is how Lang, which makes movement difficult and when I need you to deploy another animal handling check
Mike Sackton: Is the visibility because of rain or darkness. Let me just help
Timothy Sackton: Bring them back.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'll be right back.
Timothy Sackton: And your animal sticks with you for now.
Geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah what are, what are we getting from taster. Right.
Rev. David (he/him): Will be still back outside of the storm that kind of risky. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: You wanna
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to
Do your proper
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yeah, I'm sorry. I've been assuming that
Timothy Sackton: You know, every. Oh, you're just lyrically okay
Rev. David (he/him): And I'm just going to share this with others so
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
It's now.
Timothy Sackton: So taster is now lost in the rain.
Timothy Sackton: But, says that the, ah, that it gets darker.
Timothy Sackton: It keeps getting darker and colder and wetter
Timothy Sackton: And darker and wetter
Timothy Sackton: As you go forward. And then there's like a, you know, occasionally, occasionally, there'll be a big like flash of lightning.
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: You know, move back and forth and
Timothy Sackton: And you know taster will jump with a start.
Timothy Sackton: Lightning as the lightning.
Timothy Sackton: But it seems that it's hard for this rabbit to navigate in
Timothy Sackton: dense fog and rain with with no clear direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: In our, I assume, where lightning rod is still holding up
Timothy Sackton: Your lightning rod is holding up. It's so the lightning doesn't seem to be in this in here in the storm the lighting does not seem to be striking the ground much at all. It seems to be
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be just flickering from cloud to cloud and lighting up the storm, but now it's gotten to the point where it's, it's, um,
Timothy Sackton: You know, everything is so obscured with the darkness and the myth that, you know, those of you who don't have dark vision, your visibility is reduced to, you know, 2030 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Well, all of your visibility that reduced to 2030 feet. I guess from the fog and the and the wind and the rain which is
Timothy Sackton: Which is pouring forward and
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: As you proceed forward the funder.
Timothy Sackton: The funder crashing.
Timothy Sackton: You find now having traveled for possibly
Timothy Sackton: You know, a couple of hours, maybe it's it's sort of hard to keep track of time and distance here maybe an hour and a half.
Timothy Sackton: You are. And as you know, travel has gotten quite a, quite difficult here.
Timothy Sackton: The wind is now pushing us so hard that it takes effort to stand to move straight and keep going and resin. I need to make another no link jack
Timothy Sackton: And this hurricane force wind is too much for your poor horse which
Timothy Sackton: Bolts.
Kate Sackton: So,
Kate Sackton: I fall off of it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it throws you off of that.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems panicked and I mean you can chase after and if you want
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Me. Put it this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Way or it's basically the horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's gonna run the safety.
Timothy Sackton: But probably going to run out of the storm. Maybe it will die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably better for to run out of the store and back to where we were before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Horse would do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Rev. David (he/him): What I hear you saying is that you expect that horse has better sense than us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean to get out of the rain.
Timothy Sackton: So as it throws you so the horse rears up and tosses you off of its back, you take three points of damage crashing down
Timothy Sackton: To the ground and it bolts sort of
Timothy Sackton: Away from this this wind wall this sort of hurricane blast of wind
Timothy Sackton: So I'm assuming you're not chasing after at
Timothy Sackton: Cheese. Do you want to chase after it.
Kate Sackton: I would rather hang out with the horse.
Kate Sackton: Can't catch it and then the likelihood of my catching it. If I chase it.
Timothy Sackton: I guess pretty loud there. What's the point
Rev. David (he/him): So these are all
Rev. David (he/him): Really positive development. This means we're pushing deeper
Rev. David (he/him): The more dangerous becomes the closer we are to our goal this this is good news.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's gonna be some real good answers to our questions in the heart of the storm.
Mike Sackton: Right away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Or a white rock shop of the Black Rock.
Timothy Sackton: Literally a white rock on top of a Black Rock.
Timothy Sackton: So at this point, now the wind has, you know, the roaring of the wind picks up and, you know, basically, you can't hear anything beyond 10 feet. You know, it's just
Timothy Sackton: You're basically in the center at the I wall of a enormous hurricane this day the rain lashing you the wind is battering you and the noise is is definitely it's like you can't. You have to huddle close together in order to talk
Timothy Sackton: This is also too much for taster despite
Timothy Sackton: Your best effort, Mr Hastert please into the darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who know
Timothy Sackton: As you press forward and I need everybody to make a constitution saving throw
Eric Rosenbaum: This to bear come back.
Mike Sackton: Actually rolled good
Timothy Sackton: I need cans out
Timothy Sackton: Eight. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: You begin to sort of like push your way through this wind and lightning striking above you. Oh, and made hand whoever's holding them a chance. Make a spell casting ability check
Eric Rosenbaum: That's 5050 either me or
Timothy Sackton: I'll say
Mike Sackton: That my computer just my browser just
Timothy Sackton: froze. Hold on. Okay, seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'll do it. What do I need to do.
Timothy Sackton: Just make a
Timothy Sackton: Charisma check
Eric Rosenbaum: A charisma check
Timothy Sackton: That's your spouse pricing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay then dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Oh, whoops.
Rev. David (he/him): See, I think secure
Eric Rosenbaum: I did it. I hit it.
Timothy Sackton: Secrets. Fine. Yes, I'm that you hold on to the
Timothy Sackton: You do hold on to the staff as that's bad battered by these winds as you try and, you know, push through forward.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Down with and and seeker sort of buckled down pushing your way forward to the storm your arms out in front of your cloaks.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I'll be crowds behind
Timothy Sackton: Some bigger person.
Timothy Sackton: Down with probably
Timothy Sackton: As you sort of push your way through this. The battering for us of this storm Kenzo and raise when you two are
Timothy Sackton: Knocked and tumbled across the ground.
Timothy Sackton: By the force of this when taking nine points of damage each
You know,
Mike Sackton: It's too late to suggest it, but shouldn't we all hate each other together.
Rev. David (he/him): We should robo
Timothy Sackton: Raise red and Kenzo are now blown away from you at this point. So, it is a little bit late.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and razor and can you each make a perception check or survival. I'll say survival.
Timothy Sackton: Speaker
Timothy Sackton: And well be you three push to the wind.
Timothy Sackton: And find yourself emerging into
Timothy Sackton: Either calm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: It's almost as if you've walked through a wall into
Timothy Sackton: This the eye of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Thing, the weather still feels off but
Timothy Sackton: But the wind and the wind is howling and and loud.
Timothy Sackton: Around you but
Timothy Sackton: I mean behind you, but where you're standing here is like dead calm. You can see above you, that the evening sunlight late afternoon sun.
Timothy Sackton: shining down on you.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Standing in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: You can see a
Timothy Sackton: You see a
Timothy Sackton: Tall shard of blue granite what almost looks like the proud of a ship rising from the earth weathered rocky
Timothy Sackton: And purchase a top at
Timothy Sackton: shutting out of the dark form of the granite a pure white marble tower rising about four to five stories in the to the sky.
Timothy Sackton: With a
Timothy Sackton: Battle at the summit of the tower with a platform sort of extending out from the, from the top of the, of the, the tower out over the
Timothy Sackton: Proud of this rock formation.
Timothy Sackton: That you know there's maybe 200 feet 300 feet from where you are at the edge of the eye of the storm to that.
Timothy Sackton: To that rock formation. So the whole thing is maybe a 600 foot diameter
Timothy Sackton: Opening in the center of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Resin and Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: You find yourself lying.
Timothy Sackton: pulling yourself up.
Timothy Sackton: Together. You're blown basically into each other, but then sort of spun around and you're not actually entirely sure which way is wet.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll quickly pull a rope out of my pack and Taiwan and around my waist.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): The other end to
Rev. David (he/him): To delis and say I got them. Don't let go with that.
Rev. David (he/him): One back into the storm again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a constitution saving down or actually, this time, make a strength savings or I probably should have done strength to begin with.
Timothy Sackton: Good for you. Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Boy by the your desire to save your companions. You just barrel through the storm.
Rev. David (he/him): A good barrel through the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Storm. Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Basically diving back into this chaos of wind and rain and howling
Timothy Sackton: So your, your
Timothy Sackton: Father doesn't give you
Timothy Sackton: CAN'T. CAN'T fence direction with it. You can just speak to them.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, I will tell them stay where you are. And then I'll go to the maximum extension of the rope along the, the, you know, like the wall.
Rev. David (he/him): And they'll send out that way and assume that they'll bump into them, or the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Room. I am I pop up in my drift club.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yes. So you do see
Timothy Sackton: You do see in the about 50 feet.
Timothy Sackton: For text words are downwind of of where you are. So the wind spinning in a circle right you see this like little
Timothy Sackton: Dim flash of light, it seems to be struggling to produce light against the the power of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: But it does give you a beacon in which you can
Timothy Sackton: head towards and with the rope managed to gather everybody up safely and you all pull yourself together and cross back across the storm.
Kate Sackton: Thank you dealt with for being the other and the rip
Rev. David (he/him): I told you the things we're looking up.
Mike Sackton: The good news is that God will walk up at the
Eric Rosenbaum: Is very interesting
Mike Sackton: Is there a door.
Timothy Sackton: There is a door, there's a set of steps going switch back up the side of the of this granite proud.
Timothy Sackton: Rising about 6070 feet.
Timothy Sackton: To the towers, not quite at the top of the proud. The prize, like a proud of a ship sloping up
Timothy Sackton: Almost as if there was a ship that was tilted three quarters and sunk into the earth. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this rock formation look like it was naturally present and the tower built on top of it or no.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything magical
Timothy Sackton: Yes, everybody's asking me questions now. So, Dallas takes a moment to meditate and activate his face I secret. What's your question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the granite, the natural
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: So it really looks like somebody took a giant piece of rock and just slammed it into the earth. It's not
Eric Rosenbaum: It.
Timothy Sackton: It could be some sort of very unusual glacial erratic.
Mike Sackton: But it's probably a giant took a piece of rock and slammed it. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or a walking mountain
Eric Rosenbaum: If we get
Kate Sackton: Close to the to the lips. I suggest we get close to the edge of the bed.
Kate Sackton: There's windows out of that tower and they're seeing us appear on the edge of their storm.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: Good idea.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's only it's only a few hundred feet, you can easily like get chapter, there's plenty of places you can shelter that aren't
Eric Rosenbaum: Line of sight. Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): There's
Rev. David (he/him): There's like nothing moving right there's no little demons in the air. There's no
Rev. David (he/him): Nothing our windows.
Rev. David (he/him): There's no
Mike Sackton: Is there any lights coming out of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: No lights in the tower.
What can this guy.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: The sky is clear about you. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the ley lines go right into the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there are three ley lines that cross
Timothy Sackton: Green are
Eric Rosenbaum: similar size know to the one that did work and fortress.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Actually maybe this one's probably somewhat bigger
Timothy Sackton: This is like a major node.
Eric Rosenbaum: Major
Eric Rosenbaum: I like pop the goggles on to my forehead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mother of God.
Timothy Sackton: So you're now huddled under the
Timothy Sackton: The sort of
Timothy Sackton: Proud of the sort of on the opposite side as as the as the tower where you would be hidden from you.
Timothy Sackton: The Tower itself.
Timothy Sackton: So white marble.
Timothy Sackton: The web there's stairs going up, but otherwise. So there is a there is a doorway, but there is no door in the doorway that you can see from here anyway but you can't see.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of much beyond that there are a few windows going you know on the sides of the towers narrow windows.
Timothy Sackton: In the
Timothy Sackton: sheltered area.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of underneath this proud, you can see
Timothy Sackton: Signs of a camp.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's
Interesting.
Timothy Sackton: And there is what seems to be a
Timothy Sackton: relatively fresh grave.
Timothy Sackton: marked with a stone like a small are really a, I guess, a Karen pilots small stones, because it's not a lot of big stones here. I'm with stop sort of stuck into at a
Timothy Sackton: grave marker carved
Timothy Sackton: With a with a symbol.
Timothy Sackton: Which you cancer would recognize as the
Timothy Sackton: The holy symbol of one of
Timothy Sackton: The Eightfold gods that are the done Mari God. So this is the civil, the goddess of knowledge and magic, not the Denmark God's the
Timothy Sackton: chardonnay and in some barn well well be, you would recognize these as well.
Timothy Sackton: Probably you would all recognize it, because they're quite common across the world. So this is the major the main gods that are worshipped everywhere, other than done. Mark.
Mike Sackton: We know flashes fresh
Mike Sackton: hours, days, weeks, months.
Timothy Sackton: Make a
Timothy Sackton: Investigation check
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonder if it's a member of the society.
Mike Sackton: Yes, my name is same thing
Eric Rosenbaum: Or presumably a party because if there's one did, and there's
Mike Sackton: Somebody clearly escape.
Timothy Sackton: On the order of weeks, certainly not days and not you know six months, but it's a little hard to judge precisely unless you like dig it up or something.
Rev. David (he/him): How many people is this camp for
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make a survival check
Timothy Sackton: So a few. I mean, two or three most likely
Timothy Sackton: The camp itself is is probably
Timothy Sackton: You know, three, four weeks old, and seems like people, you know, the whoever made up this camp spent at least a few days here.
Timothy Sackton: Like, it's not. It wasn't just a brief camp for an afternoon to bury like there's a, the ground is weren't enough to fire pit as the main you know there's a fire pit and things. And it's, you know, it was used a bunch of times, it's like, and not much attempt was made to
Timothy Sackton: Rather than picking the sort of sheltered area that couldn't be seen from the tower. Not much attempt was made to hide these signs.
Timothy Sackton: Are facts that lead
Rev. David (he/him): What's helped lead
Mike Sackton: tracks that
Timothy Sackton: Sorry that lead a wave away from you know both around the camp to and from the camp and then a way into the storm. And of course it's impossible to track them.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond their
Eric Rosenbaum: How far below the tower early
Timothy Sackton: About
Timothy Sackton: 60 to 80 feet below the first floor of the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: The tower is another hundred feet tall or something.
Timothy Sackton: The towers like up like
Timothy Sackton: Five, six stories. So like say 60 feet 6070 feet tall and and it's it's sort of perched like three quarters of the way up this this granite prowess of the prowl itself extends another
Timothy Sackton: 2030 feet sort of beyond the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: I put my hand on the granite and close my eyes and use my
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't sense
Eric Rosenbaum: Which I will share. So you can say
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I'm
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: So you sense a few things. First of all,
Timothy Sackton: There is something I'll make a make an intelligence deck.
Timothy Sackton: Do so. At the top you can send sort of at the at the far range of your stones at the top of the tower. There is
Timothy Sackton: You can sense
Timothy Sackton: Golden silver and and valuable metal that
Timothy Sackton: That you're familiar with. Right. So, so that that is is clear to you.
Timothy Sackton: And this is coming from somewhere close to the top of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Within the granite some somewhere in its in its core. And inside this granted that you can't see clearly.
Timothy Sackton: There is something
Timothy Sackton: Unusual some sort of
Timothy Sackton: Metal or or or that you have not encountered before.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let's see.
Timothy Sackton: That's, that's all you sense, although the marble itself of the construction of the tower is
Timothy Sackton: So the material that it's made us seems to be sort of inlaid with
Timothy Sackton: It's hard. It's nothing that you can sort of clearly described, but but you get the sense that there's more to this than just the marble material that it's made from
Eric Rosenbaum: Location of the node relative to the towers it inside the town. It's below.
Timothy Sackton: The node is like directly underneath the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: At the same place as whatever this weird stuff is
Timothy Sackton: I know the weird stuff is like in the center of the of the granite so slightly offset from the weather. Notice
Rev. David (he/him): I look over to Kenzo and then over to the stairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly, I feel like the philosophy here is always just it just walk forward into whatever that is. I mean, this doesn't feel like
Eric Rosenbaum: Force or send my pet rabbit.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh,
Kate Sackton: Well then, disability, and so forth. That's what we started with the other tower.
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Not a lot of evidence that people who were here before without worried
Rev. David (he/him): Only one of them died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They made a great for him here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. Then he
Eric Rosenbaum: Wasn't
Mike Sackton: Mean
Mike Sackton: Really just do this visibility thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that better.
Mike Sackton: And just never answered, whether anything was magical.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, dad.
Mike Sackton: Did I miss the chat.
I messaged you
Mike Sackton: Oh, you did. I didn't show a little
Timothy Sackton: A little red thing. Sorry.
Rev. David (he/him): That's the tracks start to the tracks from the camp go up the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Make a survival check
Timothy Sackton: Um, so
Timothy Sackton: The area around the camp is pretty sort of muddled. And it seems like a lot of activity was disturbed. You know, a lot of the past activity was disturbed by the you know the digging of the grave, and then and then fleeing and and it does seem to have been done somewhat currently I'm
Timothy Sackton: Not, you know,
Timothy Sackton: It's, you know, it's not like a. It's not like sort of fancy grave site and carefully done and everything, but it's hard to really see it's hard to tell where the tracks go beyond the camp and it's been
Timothy Sackton: Some time
Mike Sackton: I'm tempted to go and visibly investigate the door.
Rev. David (he/him): Before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That says
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sounds well
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's put that I do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you got some visibility on on yourself. Yeah. Okay. And you're heading up the steps.
Timothy Sackton: To the door. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Ok, um,
Mike Sackton: He chased the music or something happy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because how this works. Mike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other way. Is that something we used to say, is there something amiss.
Timothy Sackton: I don't remember.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like it is. So I dealt with vanishes as the you know shadows begin to form around too messy until he sort of blends into the darkness. I'm disappearing.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Begins to add up the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so the stairs, they're
Timothy Sackton: Very old and very weathered
Timothy Sackton: This seems this is, I mean, they were at one point, that seems to have been a sort of dramatic entry point as they, you know, launch up to the
Timothy Sackton: Launch up, you know, heading up to the entry way to this tower, but at this point.
Timothy Sackton: That that is in the past and and the steps are
Timothy Sackton: The steps are sort of heavily weathered and and slippery and, you know, not so much wet but
Timothy Sackton: Because here is all is all calm but
Timothy Sackton: Ah, just worn smooth over time.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sorry requires some care slowly picking your way up as you as you
Timothy Sackton: You know, as you are being sort of careful and slow slow heading up here.
Timothy Sackton: As you come, the first turn second turn third turn you cannot see more clearly that the door is not
Timothy Sackton: Exactly missing it just seems to have been shattered and blown away. So there is but there is the twisted remains of what used to be a
Timothy Sackton: What used to be a door in the doorway.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Little bits of of sort of wrought iron work silver
Timothy Sackton: And it seems to have been blasted out from a force inside the tower.
Mike Sackton: So I'm standing in front of
Timothy Sackton: Your standing. Yeah. Yes.
What's inside
Timothy Sackton: I sent you a message. So the end the inside there seems to be so this is you're looking in, it's it's dark. Um, but you can see with dark fish. And so you're just seeing sort of in in greys
Timothy Sackton: Nothing in color, but it seems to be
Timothy Sackton: It looks like a tornado struck like there's been some
Timothy Sackton: Blast of force that just took what was once like an entry way a main hall like you can see maybe what was a fireplace to sort of smooth marble walls.
Timothy Sackton: But it's just been it's everything's just been blasted away by by a tornado. And you can see there's a there's a art curving staircase that leads up to the second floor along the side of the wall.
Timothy Sackton: But, ah,
Timothy Sackton: Whatever is in this whatever was in this first wet first um
Timothy Sackton: The whatever was in this first floor has just been shattered beyond recognition. If you spent some time picking around, you could probably, you know, find more clues, but
Mike Sackton: Is it. I mean, I'm not even gonna go in, but up. Is it, is there a ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's a there's
Timothy Sackton: A stone stealing and there's stairs that go up to the second floor marble stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, check for stairs down
Mike Sackton: Yes. No. Okay, I'll go in and pick around for a bed.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um, make make an investigation check
Um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one sec okay so
Timothy Sackton: Um, the destruction is recent um but the building. It's the room itself is very old.
Timothy Sackton: In, in particular.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there doesn't seem to be much, that is, um, you know, anything that was wood or or not stone or metal has been sort of blown entirely to pieces. There is the remains of a fireplace, um,
Timothy Sackton: There are
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one sec here.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I'm trying to do too many things at once. There's the remains of a fireplace, um,
Timothy Sackton: There's, you know, seeming like this was like a like a there's a little entryway and then sort of a hall like a bit of a eating area common space dining area.
Timothy Sackton: Um, but the main thing you can pick up is
Timothy Sackton: Is that this has been just blasted apart.
Timothy Sackton: Probably in the past few weeks by a
Timothy Sackton: Very strong for us of with and you, you also see
Timothy Sackton: So it's quite dark and you can see very little color, except for
Timothy Sackton: Sort of running through the walls. Every now and then you'll see like a little sparks of of like blue and purple Arkin lightning that'll just sort of raise up a wall. And every now and then we'll sort of arc out a little bit of the wall.
Timothy Sackton: And and go back and they seem to intensify slightly as you start poking around like one well
Timothy Sackton: I you know as your
Timothy Sackton: Presence in the room, which is, you know, difficult to detect because you're invisible but
Timothy Sackton: It's almost as if they're they're sort of whenever you turn something over and make a noise. It's like these.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can't. There's no way you can investigate
Mike Sackton: Jack
Timothy Sackton: South ruins silently so
Timothy Sackton: You can't really be undetectable. So, you know, every time you like flip over something to see what's under it, or trying like poke around in the rubble or than the wreckage, a little bit. These sparks will will
Timothy Sackton: Intensify slightly and little bit of purple light will work out, um,
Mike Sackton: Are there any windows in the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there's for windows looking out
Mike Sackton: And always at the top or on each level.
Timothy Sackton: Know on this window. Well, this, this.
Timothy Sackton: Stuff because there's a great fireplace on one one wall. This room has and this floor has three but pretty large windows, but not on the fireplaces on the west wall.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering if I went up the stairs. Did I see from the outside on the higher floors.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's outside windows.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: Now let me just check this thing.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: Okay I can't see back to anybody because
Mike Sackton: You're all hated
Yes.
Mike Sackton: There's no signs in the rubble of any creature. Right.
Mike Sackton: Very move. I mean, there's no footprints are signs of any movement right
No.
Timothy Sackton: Not obvious other than the sparks of lightning right marking off the walls.
Mike Sackton: To the stairs up the stairs on damaged.
Timothy Sackton: The stairs are undamaged.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I just sent you a message.
Mike Sackton: Okay, can I see what's up.
Timothy Sackton: What's up the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can stay there sort of a while so it's like imagine there's the roof.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: That the stairs sort of go along the side of the wall and then come out so you can't really see you'd have to go partway up the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: You can't really you'd have to go halfway up the stairs to be able, I'll see
Mike Sackton: I'll actually ask those in the opposite order, Tim, what I typed you in the opposite order of what I typed.
Timothy Sackton: I only got one message.
Mike Sackton: No, no, but it's
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I see what you're saying. Yes, yes, yes.
Mike Sackton: So I can't really see unless I go further up. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna
Timothy Sackton: Go okay um
Timothy Sackton: So as you begin to
Timothy Sackton: How long does the visibility last
Mike Sackton: Is that an hour. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So it's probably been about 20 minutes. Yeah, maybe 2030 minutes, um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the second floor. Now as you begin to head up.
Timothy Sackton: Is
Timothy Sackton: it much better seems to be in much better shape. I'm not nearly as destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: There is, um, this is like living space. So you sort of come out in a in a bit of a hallway. It's almost maybe slightly similar in design to the
Timothy Sackton: Like you know the
Timothy Sackton: Like the rooms in the tower where we're bolo has been capsule you like come up the stairs, and then there's like a few small rooms on one side and then a large room on the other side and the stairs continue up on on the opposite side and
Timothy Sackton: Everything's made of white marble, there's almost like a slight almost like a slight glow to the walls here and still this sort of marking purple blue sparks and every now and then. Here you'll hear like a like a low rumble.
Timothy Sackton: Almost of thunder, but it but if anything it seems to be coming from the walls.
Timothy Sackton: Here though the doors are the doors and walls are intact so all four of rooms have have closed doors.
Mike Sackton: Or they marble doors or wooden doors.
Timothy Sackton: The doors are
Timothy Sackton: So the three small rooms have
Timothy Sackton: wooden doors.
Timothy Sackton: reinflate with iron reinforcement.
Timothy Sackton: The larger room has like a
Timothy Sackton: Elaborate design and sort of wrought iron
Timothy Sackton: Some wood elements, but like does like curly cues and like sort of very intricate um
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: I think I'm gonna keep going.
Timothy Sackton: Keep going to the next floor.
Mike Sackton: How high up is this floor.
Timothy Sackton: So now you're so the ceilings are pretty tall. The first two ceilings are going to be 1215 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So you're now maybe 30 feet up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll call us our total
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so like 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Ish 70 maybe 70 feet. It's pretty tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, what has been in there for a long time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe else getting worried
Rev. David (he/him): As long as he doesn't read any rooms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can kill any of us in there, that's for sure. Michael software.
Timothy Sackton: Say you're continuing up to the third floor.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): We should go in after him.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: As you come out on the third floor.
Timothy Sackton: Make a stealth check
Eric Rosenbaum: In
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There any windows in the star.
Timothy Sackton: There are windy. Yeah, there's windows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we see
Eric Rosenbaum: What inside of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Not very common stuff.
Mike Sackton: Is or the stairs carving or straight
Curving
Timothy Sackton: carving up along the side of the wall. So it's like they're like a spiral along the
Timothy Sackton: Out there, the inner wall.
Mike Sackton: Where the windows outside the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: So the windows are placed so that they don't
Mike Sackton: So like this. I can see a window right here.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see a window from the stairs. Now,
Timothy Sackton: I'm okay. Hold on, I need to check something here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you begin to
Timothy Sackton: Emerge on the
Timothy Sackton: The, the third floor you here.
Timothy Sackton: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes
Timothy Sackton: I think having all these tabs open enroll 20 and zoom and Spotify really kind of
Timothy Sackton: hurts my computer because this is really dragging
And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is where you got to bring your work computer. You got it. You need to do a computer situation.
Timothy Sackton: I just have one computer
Timothy Sackton: I don't have a separate work computer I do, I do all computer with how
Mike Sackton: Can you get Harvard buy you a better computer
Timothy Sackton: I probably could, but they
Mike Sackton: They should know de de
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly. They should know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That that d amp D is important for your mental wellness and for you.
Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: Ah ok so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm sure
Rev. David (he/him): Guys have too much more left in me.
Timothy Sackton: Um, yeah, we're going to end on a dramatic cliffhanger in like 10 minutes I'm great.
Timothy Sackton: I'm not sure that once plan here but
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: So as you come out onto the third you're going up to the third floor right
Mike Sackton: Slowly
Timothy Sackton: Slowly, yes.
Timothy Sackton: As you start to start to come out onto the third floor. You can see this
Timothy Sackton: You know, was a was a there's, it's a big open space. The the
Timothy Sackton: The sides of the far side of the wall sort of where you're looking across as you come up. I'm was
Timothy Sackton: A you know is a there's some bookshelf. There's some, not very many books still on the shelves in the middle of the room.
Timothy Sackton: There is a sort of like a big white marble table.
Timothy Sackton: And as you
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and as you step up.
Timothy Sackton: I just sent you a message. Ah, I need you to roll initiative as a
Timothy Sackton: Blue arcane lightning bolt.
Timothy Sackton: saps out of the wall appearing in front of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: And since fine.
Timothy Sackton: With that's not very good.
Timothy Sackton: You can go first.
Timothy Sackton: So this appearing in front of you is a
Timothy Sackton: Is a large like oozing out of the wall like a 10 foot
Timothy Sackton: Tall.
Timothy Sackton: Arguing bolt of lightning.
Timothy Sackton: It almost seems to be like a living.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to describe. Exactly. Other than that, it's a
Timothy Sackton: It almost is what you imagined it would look like if somebody bottle captured stabilized in a field a crack crackling bolt of lightning and this little sparks shooting off of it as it is beginning to head towards you about
Timothy Sackton: Your now right at the top of the stairs, and it's sort of across the room. So maybe 25 feet away.
Mike Sackton: I'll go down the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're running from it.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow, this is new for us.
Timothy Sackton: Now, you turn and run. What's your
Timothy Sackton: Movement.
Mike Sackton: Saturday.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and it detaches off of the the wall and starts to follow you.
Mike Sackton: So are there any Windows anywhere where I haven't seen it either way. Hold on, before I
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's windows on every
Mike Sackton: Okay, so if I jump out a window and when I'm 30 feet from the ground misty step to the ground. Well I survived.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you would take
Timothy Sackton: You would take some damage, but you would greatly reduce the damage by misty
Mike Sackton: Started jump out a window.
Timothy Sackton: Nice. Okay. The lightning bolt is sort of moving towards you, seems to be having trouble.
Timothy Sackton: It can you can tell it can sense where you are good here. You coming up the steps. But of course, it can't exactly see you
Timothy Sackton: And as you go to run and jump out the window.
Timothy Sackton: A blast of lightning goes flying past your head. But let me just wall to see if it managed to include you in the line.
Timothy Sackton: But it goes it just blasts harmlessly against the wall as you
Timothy Sackton: Dive out the window.
Timothy Sackton: Timing your misty stop perfectly. So you only take actually make a dexterity saving throw
Mike Sackton: Okay, well that's not very good.
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: 13 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: As you land on the ground.
Mike Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Visibility vanishing as you
Timothy Sackton: teleport but
Timothy Sackton: Having dropped some distance before you miss the staff.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, which normally you couldn't really cast spells where you're falling because it's a bonus action I figure you know whatever
Mike Sackton: That's what I was hoping
Mike Sackton: I can you cast spells when you're falling
Timothy Sackton: Because you wouldn't have time
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it, what does it look like to us.
Timothy Sackton: When it looks like to you is you see this flash of of blue purple illuminate a window from above, and then down with appears media midair and
Timothy Sackton: Disappears again and appears smack on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: In a heap.
Rev. David (he/him): Know, Dallas.
Timothy Sackton: And that slowly getting
Timothy Sackton: And we will wrap up whatever character conversation you want and then this is horrible. And so no going back in the tower tonight.
Mike Sackton: Dallas will come over to the cap. Make sure you can't see up to the windows and sort of
Mike Sackton: Try and get under cover.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What
Mike Sackton: There's some being of lightning.
Mike Sackton: Seems to be almost
Mike Sackton: permeating the whole town. I mean, it was the same color. Tim, is that
Mike Sackton: The almost permeating the whole tower like it. It was in the walls on the first floor on the second floor. And then on the third floor. It was it was there like a 10 foot tall creature made of purple energy
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought there was something weird about the walls.
Mike Sackton: It, it's almost like it was all it was alive but but I think someone was trapped there it's traffic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Light lightning is trapping
Eric Rosenbaum: Something else, or someone else.
Mike Sackton: Yes, something, something else for sure there was a soon as I crossed the threshold of the tower.
Mike Sackton: I heard
Mike Sackton: As soon as I approached the doorway. I heard some
Mike Sackton: Creature some voice whispering to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did it say
Mike Sackton: It gave me an opportunity to ask it a question.
Eric Rosenbaum: The runes tried to do the same to me. But I
Eric Rosenbaum: Declines since just a moment before that you had
Eric Rosenbaum: attacked me having under the influence of those rooms. I mean, out in the ash. It kept
Mike Sackton: I asked it.
Mike Sackton: Was just mother wanted
Eric Rosenbaum: Or you did.
Mike Sackton: It said that it sees a power grown in the desert.
Mike Sackton: It sees it reaching out to betray the people of the plains and it sees it wanting power, above all, and Rebecca
Eric Rosenbaum: Venture what
Mike Sackton: Why didn't get a chance to ask it any further questions.
Mike Sackton: But it almost seems
Mike Sackton: Something happens possibly when I went up to the third level like it was it was angry, and in pain.
Eric Rosenbaum: The trap.
Mike Sackton: Trap thing yes it how old know
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Was it 10 when I went up.
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yes. That was when you are sending stuff. Well, I was when the, when you got to the top of the stairs to the stairs to the third floor the library research from
Mike Sackton: It almost felt like it was
Mike Sackton: Reaching out and
Mike Sackton: Somehow I didn't know I just got the sense it was in some fashion being restrained or tormented by this whitening creature
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you think the lightning creatures controlling the entire story.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On this carbon here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wondering about that too. But if it's New or old
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You tell about the stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I tell them
Mike Sackton: That the stairway was quite weathered quite old.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Years old.
Mike Sackton: Yes, right, Tim like hundreds, at least.
Timothy Sackton: At least hundreds
Mike Sackton: Hundreds or thousands of years.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there I wonder if there's any records are rumors of this. We're just like in the middle of nowhere. There's this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tower, so called, like a village or anything around it. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Mike Sackton: The first floor was SMASH SMASH mean was that smashed to pieces like there'd been a fight.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if, if it, if it had been a fight against some sort of thunder or
Timothy Sackton: Light whirlwind.
Timothy Sackton: Or lightning creature, perhaps, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, well, who would who would live here. I mean, there is a very powerful confluence of magical ley lines here. So perhaps some powerful ancient wizard or major has made their home in this place and is now trap lightning creature
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is all seem not an unlikely.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the destruction of the first floors recent that seems to have been I'm just guessing here but around the same time, same time our poor was soul down to the grave.
Mike Sackton: Died. It feels as if perhaps there was a
Mike Sackton: confrontation with the lightning creature and they
Mike Sackton: Did not emerge victorious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now I'm sure you looked at the titles and some of the books on the shelves, because that would be obviously
Mike Sackton: I was quite busy jumping out the window to save my wife bolt of lightning.
Mike Sackton: Afraid I missed any of the titles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Priorities della
Mike Sackton: I think the creature was sensing every time I mean it. It couldn't. It couldn't see me when I was invisible.
Mike Sackton: But it seemed like it was
Mike Sackton: Paying attention. Every time I made a noise little flickers lightning came out of the walls.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it could hear you. That's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, now I'm reminded that I have happen to have my pocket here at this pull out the
Eric Rosenbaum: Elemental gym with a fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spirit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trapped inside of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Said we have this fire spirit here. I wonder if it's similar to are different from this lightning thing, but just tried to kill you.
Eric Rosenbaum: And if we could use the one to distract the other at the very least.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or they become friends and they both attack us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just put it back in my pocket.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Where you're going
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how about I blow this horn at the same time that we stick the staff here.
At
Mike Sackton: Me that he
Eric Rosenbaum: Lightning, you know, it's just very strong as
Mike Sackton: All of us going back in the first floor of the
Mike Sackton: Tower is probably going to result in another smash fight.
Rev. David (he/him): But beat sleeping.
Mike Sackton: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: What Peter
Eric Rosenbaum: Said,
Mike Sackton: Hey Tim Kaine US or Canada determine what beats lightning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, wait a minute. We've been using a lightning rod all along that that we really needed it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, did I gotta get enough luck to have any idea of what this could be.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, making our kind of check. But with this advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: What, perhaps, perhaps we could guide it
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Let's so you
Timothy Sackton: Sense, you got was something large and sort of flickering archiving detaching from the wall and then you running as it literally shot a lightning bolt that you
Timothy Sackton: Saved by your visibility, so it can target you and by diving out the window. It was hard to get a good luck and
Timothy Sackton: I mean it didn't.
Timothy Sackton: It did not strike you as, like, I mean, you heard of at least elemental before, but this seems something different. It seemed more. It's not something in humanoid form. That was sort it wasn't like a humanoid
Mike Sackton: whirlwind or something. It was
Timothy Sackton: Felt literally like some kind of like lightning power detaching from the walls. It's not something you've encountered before.
Timothy Sackton: You know whether it would be immune to whether you could
Timothy Sackton: Hit it with swords is not entirely clear.
Rev. David (he/him): It's
Rev. David (he/him): Not a cause.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it seem like it's drawing energy from the node.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you'd have no way of knowing that unless you from where you are here, hiding underneath a rock without being able to see it or the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's
Timothy Sackton: Very well could be
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a thing that you can see it's like ventricle activity related to ley lines.
Timothy Sackton: So if somebody were, you know, if somebody were attempting to use a ley line to empower a spell or something like that, then
Timothy Sackton: That would be something you could detect with some probability, but you know just whether if there's like a magic. If there's sort of a magical or or that's powered by Layla and that would not be
Timothy Sackton: That would not be obvious without careful examination.
Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, if that's the case, is there a way to detach it
Eric Rosenbaum: From the node, personally, you can like move or destroy the node.
Kate Sackton: Hour down the node temporarily
Timothy Sackton: Do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, it's basically like a mesh network like a Wi Fi network. Basically, it's true.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you don't have much experience with, you know, you've tinkered a little bit with with ley line energy, but you're not
Timothy Sackton: An expert at it and it's not something you have a ton of experience with if there's a way to, you know, probably, if you're more powerful, you could like, you know, come up with a way to dispel magic. For example, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ultimate moment.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if you're. I think this is a good place to wrap up. If you
Timothy Sackton: I'm just letting you talk as long as you
Talk.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I
Mike Sackton: My sense it. My guess is this thing can't leave the tower.
Mike Sackton: Think about it. The, the key people were camped here. They seemed unafraid.
Mike Sackton: There's something in the tower that must be valuable.
Rev. David (he/him): It strikes me that the less circle we erase
Like
Rev. David (he/him): Was locking the summoned creature in place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shoes, but are you suggesting that the ruins the go around the entire storm are locking a creature in here.
Eric Rosenbaum: These ones were definitely a little different. These rooms were self regenerating and they were also
Eric Rosenbaum: Communicating with us in a way that honestly it's a little weird for Bruins to do in my experience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also telling you telling done with the kill you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. And they kept wanting me to ask it questions.
Mike Sackton: But then it's just
Eric Rosenbaum: The one to deal with test questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something one to gel with ask questions, since we're
Mike Sackton: This creature asked me why I was here.
Mike Sackton: For it asked me if it was answering before often question.
Kate Sackton: Why
Kate Sackton: We were there.
Mike Sackton: Was here to find knowledge to aid the Denmark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Place.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we just don't know that relationship between those rooms outside and the thing inside the tower.
Mike Sackton: I also knew it. I knew I was from long ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ruins outside in the storm did know that I'm a dwarf traveler and seeker of knowledge. So it's sort of knew my name it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's kind of weird actually
Eric Rosenbaum: How did I
Timothy Sackton: Know your name.
Timothy Sackton: Or is that just a normal turn of phrase.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know it said seeker. What are you seeking
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: How would runes normally
Mike Sackton: That sounds similar this creature asked, what do you see
Mike Sackton: What do you want traveler.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, that suggests that it's the same force activating those rooms out there and talking to you inside the tower and you think it was whatever was trapped inside the tower. Right.
Mike Sackton: I'm just guessing that something was trapped there but it seemed
Mike Sackton: It seemed didn't paint.
Mike Sackton: When the lightning came up out of the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim is there, like, because it is likely to be a dwarf in
Eric Rosenbaum: Magic user if it's using runes.
Timothy Sackton: runes. We're not dwarfing
Timothy Sackton: Oh, now that you stop and think about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What were they
Timothy Sackton: Mica
Timothy Sackton: Mica some intelligence tech
Timothy Sackton: College or Arcana
Timothy Sackton: So as you're having this conversation secret pause for a moment is like you just sort of assumed they were dwarfing because you could read them. But now that you think about it, they don't seem to have been
Timothy Sackton: They don't seem to have been written in any language. They seem to have been
Timothy Sackton: Somehow
Timothy Sackton: Creating meaning directly in your mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, I gotta learn how to write those rings.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of like master runes, I must
Eric Rosenbaum: Who would holds
Eric Rosenbaum: The power of the ancient Mr ruins.
Timothy Sackton: Make
Timothy Sackton: History or economy, whichever you feel like I think you have the same in both of them. Maybe you're better at our content.
Mike Sackton: What were the runes, I saw the same
Timothy Sackton: Howard, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We drove
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We drove the bus.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I have a little notebook here.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: If they
Eric Rosenbaum: Speak directly in your mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doesn't hurt.
Mike Sackton: Or like, do I have any idea what languages they
Mike Sackton: Were in
Mike Sackton: Where they have the same
Timothy Sackton: The same same property you have you looked at them, you assume you could read them because you can read everything and they and now that you think about it, it's not normally you can tell what language you're reading right
Timothy Sackton: But now that you stopped to think about it, you're like, Wait, that wasn't a language.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that like, it's not a language that you can describe it seems to have been direct meaning.
Eric Rosenbaum: The master rooms. So I've got a 20 Americana for who I
Eric Rosenbaum: Now I'm setting the minister.
Oh, thanks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you didn't
Mike Sackton: Either way, can we take a short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it seems like we're safe here.
Eric Rosenbaum: If that what we're talking
Eric Rosenbaum: Get out of the tower.
Mike Sackton: And yeah, we have. Do we have did we get back his face. At some point, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: You should have taken like you should have at least too long. Yeah, you should have all your head dice back
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: That fall. Just gotta hurt.
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: There you get getting blown sideways, but a storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, it does occur to me that those rooms strange the written as they were, were also very big
Eric Rosenbaum: And I remember stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: From, I think, will I was last told us as a as a little dwarf, but that the original creators of rooms where
Are the giants.
Mike Sackton: Taught to shove this thing here.
Mike Sackton: A giants giants even real. Do we know anything about giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are only stories of the giants from the time the firstborn before time
Timothy Sackton: The elder you you down with secret I mean yes giants are super they're quite rare. Now, but
Timothy Sackton: Back before you know in the dawn of creation before all the other races were created and when the firstborn walk the earth, there were great giant empires.
Timothy Sackton: But then
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Planes the you know the realm of tower tower which curved and twisted and
Timothy Sackton: Magic changed and
Timothy Sackton: Giant the power of the giants was
Timothy Sackton: Diminished
Eric Rosenbaum: How helpful was that doorway in the tower.
Timothy Sackton: There was normal sized yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: It was our
Mike Sackton: human sized
Timothy Sackton: There was not. It's definitely not the tower of a giant
Mike Sackton: Wait, so the roots are giant or the giants wrote giant
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the ones that we saw in the ground are obviously bigger than the ones who write in a book or something.
Timothy Sackton: And they were not in the giant language. But what secret knows is that
Timothy Sackton: If you think about the concept of a master or somebody who would be able to
Timothy Sackton: Some knowledge of master runes.
Timothy Sackton: The only thing that came to his mind was that
Timothy Sackton: Giants stories of giants.
Timothy Sackton: Users
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sam Kensal is going to sit and start
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Going into deep meditation at the spot centered ley lines middle of this giant booking magnet storm see what's going on. Okay, the planes or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: So, so it's almost 1230 I think on this short wrath. Yes, please. To end. Yeah. So as you short rest as Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: You know begins to meditate, as the sun sets on the stars begin to come out of the sky you all
Timothy Sackton: Did somebody messaged me
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you're rolling dice. Um, you all
Timothy Sackton: Take a moment at this camp and
Timothy Sackton: Contemplate your surroundings.
And slowly.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's terrible.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I'm seeker song a rest. Don't forget
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wouldn't. How does that work.
Timothy Sackton: Whenever anybody roles hit days for a short rest you can roll. I think at the D sex and add it
Timothy Sackton: It's on your character sheet I forget exactly the
Timothy Sackton: Guys rolling terribly
Timothy Sackton: So you get an extra one
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as you're resting Kansas meditating.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you are sort of healing and and catching your breath. The sun begins to sat and the stars began to come out.
Timothy Sackton: And looking up at the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Something looks
Different
Timothy Sackton: Some, some familiar constellations are missing.
Eric Rosenbaum: In particular,
Timothy Sackton: The fox in hunter.
Mike Sackton: Alpha cranial
Timothy Sackton: Stimulation
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes.
Mike Sackton: As gotta wait. Is it the fox at Hunter barrel. Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): What what
Rev. David (he/him): We do here, is it
Well, stop.
Mike Sackton: Did we just go back in time.
Eric Rosenbaum: With no we went to 1997
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this girl that's excellent adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's amazing, Tim. Thank you.
Rev. David (he/him): That's awesome.
Mike Sackton: Back.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, great. Reveal for that.